When I woke up, I noticed the black cat plush wasn’t around.

I reached around, searching for the stuffed animal that should’ve been next to me.

My body, still half-asleep, felt stiff, as if I’d been stuck to the bed with duct tape. As I fought against my heavy eyelids, my hand came into contact with something firmer and smoother. It clearly wasn’t a stuffed animal, but something much larger instead.

Not knowing what it was, I grabbed on tightly.

I could clearly feel warmth under the palm of my hand.

I thought I even heard a groan along with it.

― There was something strange on my bed that wasn’t a stuffed animal.

My eyes, which had been closed until now, suddenly bolted open.

In front of my eyes was not the black cat, but Sendai-san, who wasn’t supposed to be here.

And what’s more, she was really close.

Our bodies weren’t touching, but if I reached out even slightly, I’d be able to touch her cheek. And it seemed like what I’d touched was, in fact, her head.

I ran my fingers through her hair.

Her long hair fell softly, as if escaping between my fingers.

Her eyes remained closed.

Now that I thought about it, I’d fallen asleep in Sendai-san’s room last night.

The weather was all windy and terrible.

I hated nights like that. Scary things always happened in TV shows and manga whenever the weather was awful or the wind too strong, so whenever I stayed up too long, I’d always end up too scared to fall asleep, fearing that something might happen.

But unlike before, it didn’t scare me as much anymore.

And the reason for that was lying right in front of me.

I called her name gently as I touched her cheek and pinched it lightly.

Sendai-san shuffled around, but still didn’t wake up.

I had always used to be alone all night, so just knowing that someone else was in the apartment with me nowadays made me feel a lot safer. I wasn’t good with thunder either, but I could deal with the rumbling without needing to crawl under my covers.

I had planned to deal with it alone last night.

But instead, Sendai-san had come over to my room.

I felt more at ease actually having her by my side than just being able to sense her presence on the other side of the wall.

I slid my hand from her cheek down to her lips, tracing them with my fingertip.

These lips had touched me so many times, even while we were on this bed.

Memories suddenly started rushing back into my mind, making me want to leap straight out of bed, but I kept myself in place.

A considerable amount of time had passed since that day already, so I wanted to be able to recall those memories without getting flustered. But the more I thought about it, the more separated it became from every other day, and it would turn that Sunday into something more special than it should be.

It was best to act as normal as possible.

I closed my eyes and let the memories that had surfaced sink in.

Yesterday, I’d mustered up the courage to do something I normally wouldn’t have done and chose not to leave Sendai-san’s room. I didn’t want to hog her bed all to myself while she stayed up all night, so that was how we ended up in the situation we were in now.

I kept my eyes open and stared at Sendai-san.

She seemed to be sleeping soundly, without a care in the world.

Sendai-san, who was curled up at the edge of the bed, looked more cute than pretty like this.

I pinched her cheek once again, but was met with no reaction.

I was having trouble falling back asleep, so I was a little jealous of how soundly Sendai-san was sleeping. It was her bed, so it made sense she’d sleep well in it, but the more I thought about it, the more unfair it felt that she could just rest there with such a calm, untroubled expression. After all, the reason my life had been filled with so many more moments that demanded I summon my courage was because of her.

— It was kind of irritating.

So I slipped my finger just slightly into her mouth.

Her hand twitched in protest when my fingertip brushed against her teeth. A drowsy, “… What?” came from her, and I used her parted lips as an opportunity to slowly push my finger deeper.

My fingertip grazed her warm tongue, and when I pressed lightly, she bit down. Tracing my finger along the edge of her teeth made her bite harder, until I finally pulled it free.

「Don’t wake me up so weirdly.」

Sendai-san said, furrowing her brow—a rare sight.

「I didn’t do anything to wake you up. You just woke up on your own.」

「I think anyone would get woken up if they had a finger shoved in their mouth. If you’re going to wake me up, just do it normally next time.」

Her voice sounded more dazed than usual, and she followed it up with a yawn.

When I tugged lightly at her bangs, she ruffled her hair with a tired sigh and shut her eyes again.

「Are you going back to sleep?」

「Yeah, I’m still sleepy.」

「But if you’re already awake, you should get up.」

Sendai-san answered curtly, keeping her eyes closed.

I reached out and touched her ear.

「You should sleep some more too, Miyagi.」

She mumbled as she brushed my hand away.

Instead of replying, I touched her ear once again, tracing the outline of it as if to get a feel for its shape.

My finger slid down to her earlobe, which, unlike mine, was bare. It felt cooler than her cheek, and also very soft and pleasant. My gentle touch didn’t seem to be enough to get Sendai-san to open her eyes. But when I slipped my finger into her ear, she grabbed onto my arm.

Sendai-san had never stopped even when I said the same thing to her last time I was on her bed.

I tugged on her ear, hard.

I wondered how she’d react if I kissed her ear right now, but I quickly shoved the intrusive thought out of my mind and let go of her ear. Then, I lifted my body up slightly and placed my lips on Sendai-san’s neck instead.

I couldn’t tell if her eyes had opened, but the sweet scent of her shampoo filled my nose.

She always smelled good.

I licked her skin as if tasting it, then bit down hard, until my teeth sank into the firm muscle beneath the softness. She smacked my shoulder. I eased up, but continued to lick her with my tongue. This time, she shoved me back with more force.

Reluctantly, I pulled away—only to find her half off the bed. Panicking, I caught her sweatshirt and pulled her toward me with all my strength.

She flopped back onto the mattress, facedown with a soft thud.

「Why are you trying to wake me up in all these creative ways?」

Sendai-san asked, stroking the spot I’d just bitten.

「So you decided to bite me just because you were bored? Isn’t that a little weird?」

「Are you not going to get up?」

「Fine, then I’m going back to my room.」

Suddenly, the hand she’d been using to stroke her neck stopped. Sendai-san, still lying face down, turned to face me.

「Why don’t you just sleep a bit longer with me? You don’t have any plans for today, right?」

This time, it was my sweatshirt being tugged.

Even without parting the curtains, I could tell the weather was still terrible outside. So even if I did have plans, I wouldn’t want to go anywhere anyway. But still, I wasn’t sure if I should stay in bed like this with Sendai-san.

「Don’t worry. I’ll keep the promise I made you yesterday.」

She wouldn’t do anything strange to me until I left her room.

That was the promise she’d made yesterday.

And I still hadn’t left the room yet.

Sendai-san, who was known for breaking promises, always seemed to keep the ones she swore on my earrings.

That fact alone reassured me.

It made me feel like I could actually trust Sendai-san more than I used to.

These earrings were special.

Maybe they were kind of like a charm, just like she said, after all.

I reached up and touched my earrings before giving her my answer.

「Fine. Just for another thirty minutes.」

Sendai-san said as she inched closer, and I pushed her away with just enough force that she wouldn’t fall off the bed.

「No, thirty minutes.」

「Okay, thirty minutes it is, then.」

Sendai-san said quietly as she closed her eyes again.

I tried closing my eyes, hoping I could fall back asleep, but it was no use.

Sendai-san had drifted off again almost immediately.

I sighed, staring up at the ceiling.

My sleepiness had completely vanished. I was already wide awake, and with Sendai-san lying so close, I didn’t feel like sleeping anymore anyway.

Annoyed by how soundly she was sleeping, I kicked her leg.

「Has it been thirty minutes already?」

She asked in a drowsy voice, her eyes still closed.

I hadn’t checked the time before closing my eyes, so I wasn’t sure if thirty minutes had passed. All I knew was that it was almost 11 AM.

「… If you’re not sure, then I’m going back to sleep.」

「Why are you so sleepy anyway?」

「Because I had a hard time falling asleep last night.」

Sendai-san murmured as she slowly opened her eyes to look at me.

「But you looked like you were sleeping so soundly.」

「Well, I went to bed pretty late. By the time you woke up, I was probably out cold.」

「Why couldn’t you sleep?」

「Hmm, not sure. Maybe because the bed felt cramped?」

Her tone made it sound like she’d just come up with an excuse on the spot.

「Well, I’m hungry, so I’m getting up. You can sleep more if you want, Sendai-san.」

I wasn’t actually hungry enough to eat, but since she’d said she couldn’t sleep because the bed was cramped, I felt a little guilty. So, I decided to get up.

「Are you planning to eat right now, Miyagi?」

「Okay, then I’ll get up and eat too.」

Yawning, Sendai-san sat up. She got out of bed before I did, stretched, and glanced over at the clock.

「It’s kind of a weird time to eat, but oh well. Should we call this breakfast or lunch?」

It was too late for breakfast, but still a little early for lunch. It was an awkward time to eat. Still, if I had to choose, I preferred the option that would save us from having to prepare one more meal.

I answered curtly before getting up from the bed as well.

「I’ll cook us something, so feel free to just wait.」

「Okay, but let’s change first before cooking.」

I nodded at her suggestion and headed to the bathroom. After brushing my teeth and washing my face, I changed and went to the shared living space. There, I found Sendai-san, already changed into a long skirt, starting on lunch.

Her outfit was a stark contrast to my plain T-shirt and pants. It looked really good on her.

「What are you making?」

「Sausages and omelets. I’ll leave the bread to you, Miyagi.」

I did as she said, putting slices of bread in the toaster. While I set out plates and grabbed some jam and butter, she cooked the eggs and sausages. Finally, we each poured a glass of orange juice and brought everything to the table.

As I spread butter and jam on my toast, Sendai-san, chewing on a sausage, stared at me.

「Do you have any plans after this?」

「Then do you want to finish the movie we were watching yesterday?」

「It wasn’t that interesting, so I don’t mind if we don’t.」

I didn’t have any plans today, and I was fine spending Sunday with her. But I wasn’t interested in finishing that movie. I bit into my toast and sipped my juice, not having any better suggestions for how to pass the time.

「You don’t have anything else planned anyway, right? So we might as well finish it. It might’ve been boring, but at least it’ll kill some time.」

「I guess you’re right.」

「Then it’s settled. We’ll finish it after eating.」

Sendai-san filled my schedule for me as if it were the most natural thing in the world. I could complain about how pushy she was, but honestly, this level of pushiness was necessary if we wanted our Sundays to feel like they used to.

As long as tension lingered between us, living together would be hard. It was easier like this—spending time naturally. If she’d been too considerate, it would’ve only worn me out.

「You fell asleep partway through the movie, right, Miyagi? How much did you actually watch?」

「I didn’t fall asleep. I was just dozing off.」

「Well, anyway. Do you remember at least some of it?」

「I think so… vaguely.」

We finished the rest of our food while talking about the movie I hadn’t really cared for. After cleaning up the dishes, we went back to her room.

「Is it okay if I start from here?」

She held the tablet and looked at me from right beside me. I replied with a simple, “Yes,” and she started playing it from where we’d left off. The movie ran all the way through to the credits.

「What did you think?」

She asked. I decided to answer her honestly.

「… I didn’t really like it.」

「But weren’t you the one who picked it?」

「Yeah, but it ended up being kind of boring.」

I leaned back against her bed while she scrolled for something else.

「Want to watch something else?」

「Then what do you want to do?」

「We don’t have to do anything, do we?」

She put the tablet down and leaned against the bed too.

「Well, if you want to go out, I don’t mind even if it’s raining.」

「I definitely don’t want to go outside.」

「Hmm, then you think of something for us to do, Miyagi.」

「How about a video game?」

「I don’t really like video games.」

Her displeasure was obvious. Back in high school, when we’d tried playing one, she’d been terrible at it. She wasn’t the gamer type, and I doubted she’d enjoy it now, even just to pass the time.

「Well, then I guess there’s nothing for us to do.」

「I wouldn’t say there’s nothing… 」

She said, as if suggesting something.

「… What do you have in mind?」

She didn’t answer my question directly, but I turned toward her anyway. She grabbed my hand, sending a sharp jolt through me to my fingertips. As I looked down at our joined hands, I heard her call my name.

The moment I lifted my head, her lips touched mine.

But she pulled away almost instantly.

I didn’t exactly like the idea of kissing her in her room, but I could let her get away with this much. We’d kissed plenty of times before, and if I said I disliked it, it’d only make me seem like I was too conscious of something else. Letting her go this far was fine.

Sendai-san immediately leaned in again, this time bringing her tongue to my lips.

I instinctively tried to back away, but she slipped inside my mouth. I tried pushing her off, but my space was stolen far too easily.

We hadn’t kissed like this since that day.

Even though I didn’t want to recall it, memories of that Sunday rose vividly in my mind. I hurried to push them away—only for something warm and soft to press in deeper, entwining with my tongue. The heat that had been mine alone was taken, replaced by hers. As our warmth blended together, my head began to go blank.

I grabbed at her clothes, pulling her toward me, and bit her tongue—not hard enough to leave a mark, but with force.

She pulled back slightly, only to lean in again. Then, almost as if in retaliation, she bit my lip.

This pushy side of Sendai-san was the most like her, but right now wasn’t the time or place for that kind of pushiness.

「If this is what you had in mind, I’d rather not.」

I let go of her clothes and pushed her away.

「You don’t like kissing?」

She asked unexpectedly.

「It’s not that I don’t like it, but I don’t think it’s something we should be doing right now.」

「So you do like it, then?」

「What’s up with you, Sendai-san? Didn’t you say you wouldn’t do anything weird to me?」

「I told you the promise only lasted until you left my room. But since we already left earlier to eat, that promise has expired.」

I remembered the promise she’d made me.

Even if it had technically expired, I wanted to bring it up again—just in case she might change her mind and decide to keep it anyway. And if she didn’t, then I’d just make her promise again.

「Fine, then promise me again.」

All I needed was for Sendai-san to swear once more on my earrings.

With that, she leaned closer, just like when she’d kissed me earlier, and whispered in my ear.

「I won’t do anything weird to you—but only after this.」

She didn’t answer. Instead, she kissed my earring, then pressed her lips against my neck.

The spot she touched burned with heat.

She leaned into me, putting her weight on me. Before I could push her away, I was pressed flat against the floor. The hem of my T-shirt lifted slightly as her hand slipped beneath it.

I called her name loudly.

She had definitely heard me, but her hand kept moving upward, sliding along my side until it reached my ribs. I caught her hand through the fabric of my shirt and held it down.

「What do you think you’re doing with your hand?」

「Do you hate it when I touch you?」

She asked another unexpected question.

「What if I said yes?」

「Then I won’t ever touch you again.」

She’s doing it again.

At times like this, Sendai-san always forced me to choose. She kept asking me these questions when the answer had already been decided for me from the start.

「… I don’t want you touching me right now, so get off me and keep the promise you made me.」

I tried to push her away, but she didn’t move.

I dug my nails into her shoulders, gripping hard enough to leave marks.

「Play rock, paper, scissors with me, Miyagi.」

Her completely random words, coming from someone pinning me down, made me loosen my grip.

Before I could fully process what she was saying, she had already thrown paper. I reacted instinctively and threw scissors.

「Well, since you won, I guess I’ll get off you.」

She finally moved away. I tugged my T-shirt back down and stood up.

「And I’ll keep my promise, too,」

Sendai-san added with a smile.

「… What would you have done if I’d lost?」

I couldn’t tell what she would have done. But somehow, I felt that even if I had lost, she still would’ve kept her promise.

「This feels like a fitting punishment for all the weird things you’ve done.」

I said as I placed a cold towel over Sendai-san’s forehead. She looked unusually listless today.

「You’re so mean, Miyagi.」

「Did you already take your medicine?」

Her raspy voice came from the bed where she lay.

A few days had passed since that rainy night we spent together, and now her temperature was over 38°C.

She had looked unwell since this morning. She wasn’t coughing, but she’d said her throat hurt, and her complexion was pale. Despite that, she insisted she was fine and went to class anyway. When I came home from university, I found her slumped over in her room. Now she was lying in bed, clearly exhausted. She didn’t quite look like a zombie, but she was far from healthy.

I wasn’t a doctor, so I couldn’t say what she had for certain, but it was probably just a cold.

「Was it really so hot yesterday that you had to turn on the air conditioner?」

I asked, watching her lie still with her eyes closed.

「Yeah, I felt like I needed it.」

「Well, you should’ve at least turned it off before going to bed.」

「I’ll reflect on my actions.」

Her weak voice carried no weight. She had gone to bed last night without turning the air conditioner off. I knew she was sensitive to the heat, but it hadn’t been that hot. Even with July approaching, the nights weren’t unbearable.

「I feel like I should say this in advance, but I can’t make porridge or anything like that for you.」

She probably already knew I wasn’t much help in situations like this, but I felt the need to say it anyway. Ever since moving in together, I’d helped with cooking, but I was nowhere near the level of making food for a sick person. If she’d told me earlier that she felt this bad, I could’ve at least picked something up on the way home.

「You don’t have to make me anything. It’d be a problem if you burned yourself. And even more so if you burned the pot, too… so yeah, don’t even try it.」

「Hearing you say that is kind of irritating.」

She wasn’t wrong. I probably would end up burning myself and the pot. Still, hearing it from her annoyed me.

「I don’t have an appetite anyway, so you really don’t need to do anything for me.」

「I can at least buy you something to eat, like yogurt or instant porridge, maybe?」

I couldn’t cook, but I could at least buy her something. I also wanted to get cooling patches to replace the towel I’d put on her forehead. There wasn’t much I could do for her, but I couldn’t just leave her alone while she was sick. Plus, not eating would only be worse for her health.

「I don’t need anything.」

「Tell me what you want, and I’ll buy it for you.」

「Seriously, I don’t need anything. Just stay with me for a little while.」

She mumbled, slowly opening her eyes. Then, as if realizing what she had just said, she quickly followed up with,

「Wait, pretend you didn’t hear that.」

「I don’t want you to catch my cold, so you should go back to your room.」

Her voice sounded much clearer than before.

Sendai-san had a point. The longer I was in the same room as her, the higher my chances of catching her cold were. But I’d ventilated her room by opening a window as soon as I came in, and I had nothing else to do even if I left right now. I didn’t really care about what to eat for dinner, since I was probably just going to eat frozen food or instant noodles anyway, and I’d be able to prepare it quickly and finish eating just as fast. I also didn’t really have much homework to do today either.

「I’ve got plenty of free time today, so I’ll stay here a bit longer. I can go shopping later.」

Rather than sitting in my own room worrying about her, it was better to stay by her side.

「You should leave. I really don’t want you catching this.」

「I don’t usually get sick easily, so I’ll stay until you fall asleep.」

「… Wait, are you actually worried about me?」

「Even I’d get a little worried seeing you like this.」

「Somehow, it’s kind of gross seeing you be so nice, Miyagi.」

She stared at me as she said something rude.

「Come on. Hurry up and get some sleep already.」

I patted the edge of her comforter, and she closed her eyes.

「You can go back to your room once I’m asleep.」

The room fell silent after that. I flipped the towel on her forehead to the cooler side.

I’d visited her house once back in high school when she was sick, but she had been in better spirits then than she was now. Today, Sendai-san looked so unwell that I could tell she had a fever just by looking at her. Her breathing was uneven, though not as heavy as when she exercised.

She looked so weak that she probably wouldn’t be able to resist anything no matter what I did.

In this state, she couldn’t do anything strange to me, and I didn’t need her to swear on my earrings to promise that she wouldn’t.

I sat with my back against the bed. I had said I’d stay since I had nothing better to do, but even so, there wasn’t much to do while she drifted in and out of sleep.

A fashion magazine lay forgotten on the floor, so I picked it up and flipped through the flashy pages without really looking at them. One after another, the thin sheets slipped through my fingers.

Mixed in with her steady breathing came a faint, strained sound that made me glance up. The towel had slipped from her forehead.

I really should go out and buy her some cooling patches.

I asked softly, not intending to wake her, as I placed the towel back on her. I didn’t expect a response, but she mumbled something faint that I couldn’t make out.

Maybe she was a light sleeper.

I wondered—if I were to call her name, would she end up dreaming about me?

I whispered close to her ear.

She groaned, though I couldn’t tell what she was trying to say.

She still responded every time I called her name. It wasn’t exactly fair to bother someone who was sick, but the way she answered so dutifully only made me want to do it again. I knew I should feel bad, yet seeing Sendai-san so quiet and uncharacteristically subdued was kind of adorable.

It was completely inappropriate, but the sounds slipping out of her mouth were almost indistinguishable from pleasure. Her breathing was ragged, too, which only made me think of it more.

Maybe I was only thinking this way because of where we were.

This was the kind of place where thoughts like that weren’t so strange, and I had wondered before what kind of sounds she might make. So, these indecent thoughts came to me quite easily. Even so, imagining things like that while she was sick felt wrong — and I hated myself a little for it.

I wasn’t supposed to think this way. But ever since that Sunday, it was like someone had rewired something inside me and flipped a switch I didn’t even know existed. Sendai-san had always had a way of hijacking my thoughts, but now they spiraled toward her even more easily, whether I wanted them to or not.

Still, that wasn’t something I should wake a sick person up just to complain about.

「I’m going to go back to my room now.」

I said, knowing she probably wouldn’t hear me anyway, and stood up.

I was afraid that if I stayed any longer, I’d just end up having more inappropriate thoughts.

I needed to go outside and clear my head.

「… Where are you going?」

Just as my hand touched the doorknob, a voice came from behind me.

I turned around and saw Sendai-san staring at me.

「I was just going to go buy a few things. I’ll be back soon.」

She didn’t reply, even though she’d been mumbling responses to everything I’d said earlier.

「Hey, say something.」

Sendai-san spoke quietly before closing her eyes again.

I walked over to her bed and sat down beside her.

「You’re going to catch my cold if you stay here. You should go already.」

「I said I’d only go back to my room once you fell asleep, didn’t I?」

「Well, I was asleep a few minutes ago.」

「But you’re awake now, aren’t you?」

「Fine, but don’t blame me if you end up getting sick too.」

She gave up arguing and shut her eyes again. I tugged gently at her bangs, damp with sweat, and she slapped my hand away in annoyance.

「I’m not worried. You’ll take care of me if I get sick, won’t you?」

I said, moving down to sit on the floor.

“Yeah,” she murmured, starting to stroke my hair.

I could have easily brushed her hand away, but she had a fever. I couldn’t bring myself to be mean to a sick person, so I let her do whatever she wanted.

I’ll stay until she gets tired of stroking my hair, I thought to myself.