I’d been spending more time in our shared living space lately.

To be more accurate, I was consciously choosing to spend more time with Sendai-san.

That hadn’t changed even as we entered June.

「Miyagi, what are you going to do once you’re done eating?」

Sendai-san asked as she twirled her mentaiko [1] pasta around her fork.

「I kind of want something to drink.」

「I’ll brew us some black tea after, then.」

Ever since that day, I’d found it hard to go back to Sendai-san’s room. She never asked me to come, either. Instead, she lingered in the living room after meals instead of returning to her own room, so if I wanted to be with her, I ended up spending more time here too.

I twirled the last bit of my own pasta around my fork and took a bite.

I didn’t want any sort of major changes to my life here.

I wanted to continue living with Sendai-san, and I wanted us to stay as roommates.

And if I wanted that wish to come true, I had to stop running away from her. Even if things felt awkward, being around her was the only way for things to return to how they used to be. Besides, staying away from Sendai-san made me just as uneasy as being with her, so in the end, I had no choice but to stay by her side.

「I’ll wash our dishes.」

I said as I stood up, noticing that Sendai-san’s plate was also empty.

「Thanks. I’ll leave it to you, then.」

I took both of our plates and utensils away and turned on the sink.

I wished I could let the memories of what happened on Sunday wash away like the running water, but there was no way I could erase them from my mind so easily. The more I tried to forget that day, the more aware of it I became.

The memories kept coming back to me—where Sendai-san had touched me, how she’d whispered to me.

I could easily recall the sensation of her hands and lips, thanks to how many times she’d touched me and kissed me before in the past.

I could tell that Sendai-san was also very conscious of what happened on Sunday, but I doubted she was as worried as I was. If I continued dwelling on it like this, I felt like I wouldn’t be able to live with Sendai-san as roommates for the next four years anymore.

I really hope things can go back to normal soon.

What happened on Sunday was already in the past.

I put the clean dishes and utensils away one by one.

The dishes were clean now, and so were the pots.

After washing everything we’d used for dinner, I took a seat back in my chair.

「I’m done washing the dishes, Sendai-san.」

「Okay. I’ll start brewing the tea now.」

Sendai-san said as she stood up.

We didn’t always have black tea after our meals. Sometimes we had orange juice, and other times, barley tea. Yesterday, we even had ice cream together. Our dessert menu changed all the time.

But what we drank or ate didn’t really matter.

All that mattered was that we were sitting here together.

「Sorry for the wait.」

Sendai-san said as she placed a mug down in front of me.

As I took a sip of my tea, I glanced over at Sendai-san, who was sitting across from me.

She had the same expression she did yesterday, and the day before, and the day before that.

She was also probably trying her best not to change anything.

The only way to ease the awkwardness between us was to act like nothing had happened. So even though Sendai-san was probably trying to treat me the same way she usually did, I couldn’t help but feel a distance between us that was different from before, and it bothered me.

Even though she used to try to get close to me without any reservations, she was holding back now.

I stared at Sendai-san, wanting to know what she was thinking, but just like always, I had no idea.

There was only so much I could tell just by looking at her.

I knew that if there was something I wanted to know, then I needed to put it into words, but it felt too difficult to ask, so I had no choice but to just stare at her.

Even though she acted the same as always, there was something unmistakably different about her.

I couldn’t put that difference into words, and I wanted to know what it was. But if I were to ask about it, we’d end up having to talk about what happened on that day.

「Sendai-san, when’s your birthday? You said it was sometime in August, right?」

Instead of what I really wanted to know, I asked a question about something else I didn’t know.

「Yeah, it is. Why are you asking all of a sudden?」

「It’s almost August, so I was just wondering when your birthday was.」

I’d been with Sendai-san for a long time now, and yet I had no idea when her birthday was. Even though it was nothing too important, I felt like if I got to know Sendai-san a little better, it might help me get closer to learning what I actually wanted to know.

「It’s August 23rd. It’s basically at the end of August, so it’s not happening that soon. When’s yours, Miyagi?」

I’d refused to answer the same question before in the past, but today I decided to tell her honestly.

If I didn’t have to answer Sendai-san’s questions in return, I would’ve rather asked about her family situation rather than her birthday, though.

I remembered very clearly just how upset Sendai-san was when I asked about her home situation last summer vacation. It didn’t seem like she maintained much contact with them anymore. I had no intention of prying into her family situation, but I was still curious about it.

The reason I didn’t want to ask Sendai-san about her family situation was because I wouldn’t be able to answer her questions if she were to ask me about the same thing. I could tell her my birthday, but I didn’t really want to talk about my family.

「The 25th, huh? Would that make you a Virgo? Or a Libra?」

「I see. I heard Libras are supposed to be sociable, though… 」

「What are you trying to say?」

「Oh, nothing. I wonder what being “sociable” means.」

It was obvious she was trying to say she didn’t think I was sociable.

Fortune-telling was just some arbitrary nonsense anyway.

If everyone’s horoscopes were accurate, that would mean there were only twelve different kinds of personalities in the world.

And with just four blood types, that would mean there were exactly four kinds of people.

「So you’re the type to believe in fortunes, huh, Sendai-san?」

「Well, only the good ones.」

She smiled as she took a sip of her tea.

Our conversation carried on until my mug was empty. After finishing a second cup, I placed it on the table and stood up.

「I’m going back to my room.」

As I turned my back to her, Sendai-san came over to my side.

She spoke softly, taking my hand. Then, she pressed her lips to my fingers.

Probably because I’d let her get away with it once, she’d been kissing my hand whenever I was about to leave for my room. Sometimes it was just a kiss, other times she’d lick my fingers or the back of my hand. I had never told her she could keep doing it, but I didn’t see any reason to stop her either. So I let her do as she pleased.

She had done it plenty of times in the past, only back then it had been because I ordered her to. Now she was doing it of her own accord.

A wet sensation spread across my knuckles.

She wasn’t satisfied with just kissing my hand tonight.

Her tongue, warmer than her lips, slid along my finger and up to my knuckles. The sensation, wet against my skin, dragged my memory back to what happened that Sunday.

She kissed the spaces between my knuckles, a soft sound escaping with each touch, then brought her tongue to my fingers again.

My hand was growing hotter than her body temperature, so I reached out and tugged lightly at her bangs.

At my words, she gave one last kiss to the back of my hand, then looked up at me.

It was moments like these when I felt the distance between us most clearly.

Though, I was the one who had run away and created that distance in the first place.

But before I could close it myself, Sendai-san had come to bridge it first. So this time, I wanted to stay by her side, hoping I could erase the distance I’d made. Yet no matter what I did, it only felt like I was pushing us further apart.

The Sendai-san I knew before would never be content with just kissing my hand and calling it a day. These days, she’d stop at random times, and that only made it all the more obvious that something had changed. If she wanted things to stay the same as before, then she needed to act exactly like before, too.

But ever since we came back from Maika’s place, Sendai-san had been acting strangely indecisive.

I turned my back to her and left for my room.

Standing before the black cat plush on my bookshelf, I stared at my hand.

Just because Sendai-san had touched it didn’t mean it had changed in any way.

It was still just my hand.

I pressed my lips against my own fingers.

But it felt different from when she did it.

I pulled a tissue from the crocodile tissue box, wiped my fingers clean, and lay down on my bed.

「Shiori, are you free this Sunday? There’s a movie I wanna watch.」

Maika, sitting across from me, asked as she finished off her chicken nanban. [2]

I didn’t want to say it, but I couldn’t keep quiet either.

「… Sorry, I’m hanging out with Sendai-san this Sunday. Can we do next weekend?」

I answered, my voice mixing with the chatter of the crowded family restaurant.

I hadn’t wanted to mention Sendai-san’s name, afraid Maika might bring up visiting again, but I couldn’t lie to her anymore.

「Oh, sure. What are you doing with Sendai-san?」

「We’re going shopping.」

I replied before reaching for another piece of chicken karaage.

「Oh? So you two are close enough to go shopping together, huh?」

I couldn’t tell if she was smiling or smirking, but either way, Maika looked at me with an oddly happy expression.

「You two don’t really seem to have the same tastes, though. What are you shopping for?」

「Earrings. Sendai-san said she wanted to pick some out for me.」

This Sunday, I was finally going to fulfill the promise I’d made to Sendai-san—a punishment she’d given me the day we came back from Maika’s place. I’d been putting it off long enough.

「I see. I guess it has been a month since you got your ears pierced. Still, it feels a little surreal that you and Sendai-san are close enough for her to pick out earrings for you.」

Maika said, glancing at my ears hidden behind my hair. Then, as if remembering something, she added,

「Speaking of which, do I have permission to come over sometime?」

So there was no dodging this topic after all.

I swallowed back a sigh, then chased it with a sip of oolong tea.

「Oh, yeah. Sendai-san seemed to be okay with it.」

I’d been avoiding the issue since Maika hadn’t pressed, but I finally had to give her an answer.

「That’s good. I’ve been curious about what your new room looks like. Am I allowed to come over whenever, then?」

「How about next month?」

「Uh, isn’t that kind of far?」

「Did you want to come sooner?」

If possible, I wanted a little more time before Maika visited.

Life with Sendai-san looked normal on the surface, but it wasn’t quite back to what it used to be. I doubted it would be even by next month, but at least by then, maybe we could act more like roommates again.

「Yeah, I can do next month.」

Maika said easily, as if she wasn’t in any rush.

「Okay, sounds good. I’ll check with Sendai-san too.」

「Got it. I’ll probably be free anytime.」

Relieved by her lighthearted reply, I ate the last piece of karaage.

The karaage Sendai-san made tasted better than this, I thought as I swallowed the overly seasoned chicken.

「What are you drinking, Shiori?」

After I set down my chopsticks, Maika pointed at the cup in front of me.

Even though she’d asked, she immediately changed her mind, stood up, and went to the drink bar. She came back with a glass of ginger ale instead.

「Even though you wanted some of my oolong tea, you got something else instead?」

「Well, I didn’t actually want oolong tea.」

「Then why did you ask for a sip?」

「You don’t really like sharing your drink with other people, right, Shiori?」

Maika said with a smile.

「It’s not like I don’t like it or anything… 」

「Really? Even in high school, I never once saw you ask for a sip of someone’s drink, or offer yours.」

I really didn’t like sharing drinks with other people.

But I’d realized that always refusing only made things more awkward, so I’d taught myself not to say no every single time.

「Well, it doesn’t bother me, so I don’t mind if you don’t like it.」

Maika said cheerfully, sipping her ginger ale.

「… I’m not a big fan of sharing drinks, but it’s not like I hate it.」

「What about with Sendai-san?」

「Oh, I mean, you seemed fine with it when it was her. At my place the other day, she took a sip of your drink like it was nothing, and then you drank from it after, too.」

Now that she mentioned it, she was right.

Back at Maika’s place, Sendai-san had sipped my orange juice, and I’d finished the rest before we left.

It wasn’t something so bad that I wanted it erased from Maika’s memory or anything, but there’d been no reason for her to see something like that. She seemed to be getting the impression that, for me, Sendai-san was different from everyone else.

But Sendai-san wasn’t some special exception.

The only reason I hadn’t minded sharing drinks with her was because of all the orders I’d made her do. We’d touched each other so much that sharing a drink didn’t feel like such a big deal in comparison.

「I probably wasn’t paying attention that day because I was so surprised at seeing Sendai-san show up so suddenly.」

I wasn’t sure if that was a good enough excuse for letting her take my drink like it was the most natural thing in the world, but for now I needed something. I didn’t want to lie to Maika, but I couldn’t bring myself to tell her the truth either.

Maika said in a tone that didn’t sound convinced.

「Oh yeah, have you and Sendai-san been talking since then?」

It was abrupt, but instead of dragging out the conversation, I decided to change the subject.

「Yeah, she’s contacted me a few times, mostly to thank me for helping get you back home. Sendai-san’s quite courteous.」

Sendai-san had never mentioned that she’d been keeping in touch with Maika.

It wasn’t something she needed to tell me, but I didn’t like it. Rather than hearing it from Maika, I would’ve preferred to hear it directly from her.

But I knew I shouldn’t be thinking like this.

I wanted to know everything Sendai-san did when I wasn’t around, and part of me even wished I could restrict her activities somehow. I’d been aware of these feelings since high school, but now they were becoming impossible to ignore.

I sipped my oolong tea and listened as Maika moved on.

Whether she was still curious or not, she dropped the subject of sharing drinks, and our conversation shifted from Sendai-san to school. After several more minutes of rambling, we parted ways.

On the train home, I still couldn’t stop thinking about Sendai-san. She was working tonight, so she wouldn’t be home until late. I’d thought spending time with Maika would take my mind off her, but in the end I was still thinking about her anyway—wondering what she talked about with her student, what kind of smile she showed her.

It wasn’t supposed to be like this.

I climbed the stairs to the third floor, opened the front door, and slipped off my shoes.

Sendai-san wasn’t back yet.

In my room, I pulled three manga volumes from the shelf. I’d read them before, so I finished them quickly and grabbed more. By the time I was on the sixth volume, there was a knock on my door. I set my manga aside, opened it, and saw Sendai-san standing there.

「I’m home. I was going to brew some tea. Want some?」

「Sure, but what about your dinner?」

「I ate a light meal before work, so I’m fine.」

She said before heading to the kitchen to make tea. I set out two mugs while she worked, then sat in my usual spot. A few minutes later she placed the mugs on the table and sat down across from me.

After thanking her, I decided to mention something Maika and I had talked about.

「Sendai-san, Maika said she wanted to come over next month.」

「Next month, huh? Isn’t that kind of far?」

「Not really. It’ll come before you know it. When are you free?」

「Any day I’m not working. You can decide on the details, Miyagi.」

She answered easily without even checking her schedule.

Maika’s comment from earlier made me incredibly conscious of Sendai-san’s mug.

She brought it to her lips, her throat moved, and then she set it back down.

If it were anyone else’s drink, I wouldn’t have wanted to touch it. But with Sendai-san, it never bothered me—and it still doesn’t. I wasn’t even sure what I was hoping to find by staring at it, yet just seeing the mug in front of her made my heart flutter.

― It was best not to think about it too much.

Sendai-san and I had nothing in common. If I hadn’t run into her at the bookstore that day, and if she hadn’t left her wallet behind, none of this would’ve happened. Because our relationship had such a unique beginning, she felt different from other people. That was all there was to it.

「What’s up? Is there something interesting about this mug?」

Sendai-san asked as she examined her mug.

「No, I was just thinking about how good this tea tastes.」

I gulped down the rest of the hot tea before getting up.

「I’m kind of tired today, so I’m going back to my room.」

She stood up and grabbed my hand before I could leave.

But before her lips could reach my fingertips, I called out her name.

She stared at me intently, and I stared back at her.

Just like in high school, she wore her long hair in a half updo, the sides braided and pinned back. Back then I’d thought the brownish shade looked out of place in a school setting, but now, as a college student, it suited her perfectly. The short skirts of her uniform had been replaced by longer ones in her casual wardrobe. And while she still rarely buttoned her blouses all the way up, she often wore other things these days, too.

Sendai-san looked mostly the same, but many things about her had changed.

I said, looking at both of ours. She frowned slightly.

「Are you telling me to let go?」

「I’m telling you to let go so I can see your hand, Sendai-san.」

She released my hand and placed her own on top of the one I held out.

She still obeyed me even when I wasn’t ordering her.

That much hadn’t changed since high school.

I pressed my lips against the back of her hand.

The moment my lips touched her skin, her hand trembled so much it startled me. It didn’t seem like she was against it, but I let go instinctively, as if she’d just rejected me.

It wasn’t that I had to touch her.

I just wanted to be a little closer.

「Sorry, I was just a little surprised.」

She said, flustered, still holding her hand out. When I didn’t take it again, she added, “It’s okay now.”

I took her hand and bit down on her fingertip.

This time, she didn’t move.

I bit harder, and her hand stiffened. My teeth sank into her calloused finger until I felt the bone, then I lifted my head.

She muttered. I looked at the faint teeth marks I’d left. As I brushed them with my fingertip, she suddenly grabbed my hand.

「Miyagi. You haven’t forgotten about Sunday, have you?」

「I haven’t. I just hope you don’t pick out any weird earrings.」

「I’ll choose something cute for you.」

She said with a smile.

To me, June didn’t feel like spring or summer.

It was a season caught in-between—too late for spring clothes, too early for summer ones. I was never sure what to wear, but one thing was certain: the spring-colored skirt I’d bought after graduation no longer suited the season. So I’d stuck to my usual blouse and long pants.

There was no need to wear a skirt that would only remind me of that Sunday anyway.

「Have you found anything you like yet, Miyagi?」

Sendai-san asked as we stood in front of a row of earrings, as if she weren’t the one responsible for dragging me here in the first place.

The shop looked like it specialized in imported goods, with plenty of items besides accessories, but the earring selection was still fairly good.

Sendai-san had told me, “If you see something you like, I’ll buy it for you, so take a look,” so I’d been browsing. But nothing really caught my eye. And since she was the one who had insisted on choosing earrings for me in the first place, I had assumed she would be the one making the decision—not me.

「I’m fine with anything, so you pick, Sendai-san.」

「Are you really okay with anything?」

If she’d dragged me somewhere full of overpriced jewelry, I would’ve left without hesitation. But the earrings here weren’t expensive enough to feel guilty about.

「Okay, how about these?」

Sendai-san asked, immediately holding out a pair of silver earrings as if she’d known what she wanted to choose from the start.

「… I’d prefer something else.」

My brows furrowed. The price was fine. That wasn’t the issue.

The problem was with its design.

「Not exactly, but they’re way too cute.」

They were small flower-shaped earrings—plumeria, according to the tag.

If I wore them, it’d look like little blossoms were blooming from my ears. They were cute—but not on me.

「Really? I think they’re pretty simple and not overly cute.」

「I’d just rather have something different.」

「I see. Then how about these?」

She pointed to a pair of gold earrings. They were big, flashy, expensive—everything I disliked.

「Too gaudy. You picked these knowing I’d say no, didn’t you?」

「You’re the one who said you’d be okay with anything. So those are your only two options. Which do you want?」

Sendai-san said, flashing me an amused look.

It was true—I had told her to pick something out, and I’d even confirmed I was fine with anything when she asked. If I threw a fuss, she’d probably choose something else for me, but making a scene in public felt far too embarrassing for a university student.

I said at last, handing her the flower earrings.

「Okay, I’ll pay for them right now. Wait here.」

She said, then headed for the register.

My fingertips brushed against the earrings I was already wearing—different from the ones Sendai-san had just picked out. The pair she’d first pierced into my ears were the very first I’d ever worn, so the thought of them being replaced made me feel a little sad.

My eyes drifted back to the row of earrings in front of me.

I’d never been all that interested in earrings, so it wasn’t like I had a preference. Since I couldn’t find a pair that felt right on my own, it was only natural to go with the ones Sendai-san picked.

「Thanks for waiting.」

While I was still absentmindedly staring at the earrings on display, Sendai-san came over and tapped me on the shoulder.

「Where are the earrings?」

Sendai-san seemed like she was in a good mood, but she wasn’t holding the earrings she’d just bought. They were probably put away in her bag, but I’d assumed she would’ve given them to me right away.

「I’ll give them to you once we get home. Anyway, do you want to go anywhere else?」

「You don’t want to get something to eat? Well, I guess it might be a little too early for that, huh.」

Normally, Sendai-san would’ve suggested a whole bunch of places to stop by and decided on somewhere to go, but today, she simply said, “I guess we should just go home, then,” and started walking. We went back the way we came, and without making any detours, made it back home by evening.

I opened the refrigerator and poured out a cup of barley tea and another one of soda.

「I’ll bring these to my room.」

Sendai-san said as if it were the most natural thing in the world, and placed the two cups I had intended to put on the table onto a tray instead.

「Wait, you want me to go to your room?」

「Yeah. I’ll give you the earrings there.」

「Can’t we do it out here?」

「You don’t want to come to my room?」

It wasn’t like I minded going to her room or anything, but I hadn’t been there since that Sunday.

Her room was connected to the things we did there that day, and it made my heart beat a little faster.

I didn’t want to erase those memories or anything, and I’d accepted whatever we did in her room that day as well, but the embarrassment still lingered. But if I were to keep avoiding Sendai-san’s room like this, I felt like I might never be able to bring myself to go back there again.

「… I’m fine with it.」

I answered quietly, and Sendai-san smiled as she picked up the tray of drinks.

I opened her bedroom door and stepped into her room. Her bed immediately entered my vision, and I stopped in my tracks.

I felt like Sendai-san was being unfair.

She wasn’t the one who had been touched last time, so unlike me, there was no reason for her to feel embarrassed.

We definitely should’ve just done this in the shared living space.

Sendai-san said as she placed the cups on the table before giving me a tap on the shoulder, but I didn’t want to sit down.

「Where are the earrings?」

「I’ll put them on for you.」

Sendai-san pulled me toward the table and forced me to sit down. Then, she sat down next to me.

「I can put them on myself.」

「You should at least let the person who bought these put them on for you. Or is there a particular reason you don’t want me to?」

「I just don’t like the idea of it.」

I didn’t want her to touch my ears because it’d remind me of that Sunday again.

That was the only reason.

But if I were to tell her that, she’d find out just how conscious I was of that day, so I didn’t want to say it.

「Well, if that’s your only reason, then just let me put them on for you.」

Sendai-san said exactly what I’d expected her to say and reached her hand out toward me, but I brushed it away.

「At least let me take these earrings out myself first.」

I removed my current earrings and placed them on the table. I felt my own earlobes for a moment, feeling a little uneasy without any accessories in.

「So, can I put them on for you?」

Sendai-san asked as she took out a small bag from her purse and looked at me.

「Do you want to take the earrings out of the bag, at least?」

「No, you do it, Sendai-san.」

She said in a gentle tone as she removed the earrings from the bag. Then, she tucked my hair behind my ears.

Her gaze pierced my bare ears. I’d seen my own piercing holes many times before, but this was the first time I was showing them to Sendai-san, so I felt uneasy. Showing her the little holes in my earlobes shouldn’t have been a big deal, but for some reason, it felt like one.

The hand that had brushed my hair was now caressing my ear. She touched the back of my earlobe, the spot where the earring’s backing had been, and caressed it as if making sure nothing was there. I grabbed Sendai-san by the arm.

「Are you not going to put the earrings in?」

「I am, but I kind of wanted to see what the holes I made felt like now that you’re not wearing any earrings.」

Sendai-san said earnestly as she took her hand away from my ear.

「It’s not like this is your first time seeing piercing holes before, right?」

Ibaraki-san and the others also had their ears pierced, so there was no way this was Sendai-san’s first time seeing anyone else’s piercing holes like this.

「Yeah, but this is my first time seeing yours, Miyagi.」

「Stop looking at them so closely and put the earrings on for me already.」

Sendai-san picked up the new earrings and carefully placed them in my ears. The gentle touch of her hand on my cheek and the ticklish sensation of her fingertips behind my ears made me flinch. After enduring it, I heard the soft clicks of both earrings securing into place, and Sendai-san pulled her hands back.

Sendai-san said as she handed me a mirror. I saw myself reflected with two small flower earrings in my ears. The silver flowers were far less noticeable than I had expected, which made me feel relieved. They were a little too cute for my taste, but tolerable.

「It really suits you.」

Sendai-san said quietly as she caressed my earring.

I didn’t respond to her comment. Instead, I decided to say something I’d been meaning to tell her.

「… Thank you for the earrings.」

「How come you don’t want to get your ears pierced, Sendai-san?」

I asked, brushing her arm away from my earring as I finally posed the question that had been on my mind. Back when we were in high school, we weren’t allowed to get our ears pierced because it was against school rules, but now there was nothing stopping her.

「I don’t really have a reason not to get them pierced, but, well, I guess I’d be okay with getting them pierced if it was to commemorate something.」

Sendai-san said, staring at me intently, giving a different answer than she had in the past.

「Can I come a little closer?」

I remained silent, but Sendai-san scooted closer anyway.

「I just want to get a better look at the earrings.」

Without waiting for my reply, her hand brushed against my ear, fingertips tugging gently at the earlobes. The warmth of her touch spread across the area, sending a shiver down my spine and stiffening my neck and shoulders. I pulled back slightly, but Sendai-san closed the distance and pressed her lips to my ear.

She whispered my name softly. When I didn’t reply, she repeated it, gently, right into my ear.

Then she kissed my ear again, instantly reminding me of what had happened that Sunday.

She grabbed my left hand and intertwined her fingers with mine.

Her teeth brushed against my earlobe as she bit down lightly. Her body pressed closer to mine than necessary, and she called my name again, her breath mingling with the sound.

I tried to push her away by her shoulders, but she didn’t relent. Her fingers traced down my neck, and her lips followed. The warmth of her body spread slowly across my skin, and it felt so good that my breathing started to become irregular. She licked the spot where my neck met my shoulder, and this time, I pushed her away by the shoulders even harder than before.

「Did you not like that?」

Sendai-san asked softly.

「You’re getting too carried away.」

I untangled our fingers and pressed my palm to my neck.

「Those earrings really suit you, so don’t ever take them off.」

She reached out again, clearly reluctant to let go, but I instinctively pulled back. This time, she didn’t close the distance, and the tension that had been building in my body finally began to relax.

「It’s not like I have other piercings I want to wear, so I was going to keep these ones in even without you telling me to.」

I said, brushing my hand against my ear before taking a sip of my soda.