Our short winter break had come to an end, and I found myself in Miyagi’s room after attending the opening ceremony.

The reason for that was because she had summoned me.

I was only here because I had agreed to play along with the whole “obeying orders” shtick; though, at the moment, I was just lazing around on her bed.

She had handed me five-thousand yen the moment I entered her room.

And since then, I found myself with some free time on my hands as I awaited her orders. At first, I didn’t like having to search for things to occupy myself with, but now, I felt more at ease being here than at school.

I had already finished reading pretty much most of the books that were on her shelf by now, and at this point, I felt comfortable enough to just curl up on her bed with one of my favorite manga.

「Sendai-san, what did you do over winter break?」

Miyagi, who was leaning against the bed, asked without even a hint of emotion in her voice.

「I did some studying.」

In preparation for the entrance exams, I enrolled myself in a short-term course at a prep school over the break. Meanwhile, in between studying sessions, I would make time to meet up with Umina and the others to go for pancakes or shop for clothes together, so I was busy pretty much all throughout my winter break.

「Did you get any studying done, Miyagi?」

Her grades weren’t bad, but I couldn’t say they were great either. I was often asked to do her homework for her weaker subjects.

「Did you finish all of your homework?」

「I did, but I wish you’d done it for me.」

「But I couldn’t, because it’s against our agreement to meet outside of school days, right?」

After heaving what sounded like a disappointed sigh, Miyagi started reading her manga, and our conversation ended there.

Well, it wasn’t like she and I had anything in common anyway.

At first, I tried talking to her about things like school, TV dramas and magazines, but Miyagi didn’t seem interested in those topics whatsoever. All she would do was nod along to whatever I said or respond indifferently, so eventually, I just gave up. Searching for suitable conversation topics with Miyagi was like trying to find a needle in a haystack.

Eventually, I realized that whenever we couldn’t continue a conversation, there was no point in trying to force one along. In these last few months, I learned that it was okay to just leave it be if nothing more needed to be said.

After the room fell silent, I took off my blazer and threw it off the bed.

Perhaps because Miyagi was sensitive to the cold, her room was always hot.

I proceeded to loosen my necktie and undid the first button on my blouse.

Just as I’d flopped back down onto the bed and picked up my manga, Miyagi called out to me.

「Are you about to give me an order?」

「Yeah. Come take a seat over here.」

Miyagi stood up and pointed towards where she had just been sitting.

What was going to happen next?

Honestly, I already knew the answer without her having to tell me.

I got off the bed and took a seat in front of it. Then, as if I had no idea what was coming, I asked,

「What do you want me to do?」

Miyagi, who was now sitting on the bed, commanded as she placed her foot on my thighs.

She had said exactly what I expected her to say.

Sometime around the end of December, for the first time ever, Miyagi gave me an order that was somehow even worse than having to read erotic manga out loud to her. Though, the next time we met up was right before winter break started, and she had only asked me to organize her bookshelf for her. However, it seemed like today, she wanted me to lick her foot again.

Her foot, which seemed to have a healthy complexion, was situated right in front of me. I pulled off her sock and caressed the sole – a part that was usually covered. When I ran my fingertips along the ball of her foot all the way to her toes, I could feel her trembling slightly.

Perhaps because she didn’t like having the sole of her foot stroked, Miyagi spoke in a low voice.

I gave a simple answer as I placed my hand against her heel.

I brought my face closer and then pressed my tongue against the top of her foot, which was slightly cold to the touch.

I had no idea what was going through Miyagi’s head, but I always thought of feet licking as a pretty niche genre to be into. We started with a live reading of an erotic manga and somehow ended up at feet licking. I never would’ve guessed that this was what Miyagi was like just based on what I’d seen of her at school.

She was plain, didn’t stand out, and I could barely even remember her name. If I hadn’t forgotten my wallet on that day we were at the bookstore, we probably would’ve gone our entire lives without even speaking to each other.

And yet, here I was, licking the foot of a girl like her.

It may have been soft and smooth, but it didn’t taste good at all.

Well, it was only natural that it didn’t, considering we were talking about a human foot here. That being said, it wasn’t like I hated this.

I ran my tongue up from the base of her toes all the way to her ankle.

I went slowly, taking my sweet time doing so.

Then, I lifted my head, looking up to gauge Miyagi’s reaction.

She looked like it felt really good.

Her cheeks were slightly red.

It was the same last time as well.

After I licked her foot, her breathing had turned somewhat ragged, and her cheeks were flushed.

She probably wasn’t even aware of it herself.

「Keep going, Sendai-san.」

Without giving her a reply, I dug my teeth into Miyagi’s toes.

I bit down, making sure it was hard enough that I would leave tooth marks behind.

As if she were resisting, Miyagi shook her foot around as she grabbed me by my head.

「Stop it. That hurts.」

I released my hold on her, just like I was told to do. I could hear her releasing a quiet breath.

The first time she asked me to lick her foot, I bit down on her toes out of pure defiance.

Technically, I hadn’t disobeyed her orders.

But still, when she told me to lick her foot, it felt like she was looking down on me, and it didn’t sit well with me.

That’s why I bit her back then.

But this time, things were different.

This time, I did it because I found Miyagi’s reactions interesting.

The sound of her hoarse voice – whenever she told me that it hurt or commanded me to stop – made my own body temperature rise.

Her legs trembled ever so slightly.

Perhaps that was because she was afraid I would bite her again.

This was the side of Miyagi that I had wanted to see again.

Probably because she was now wary of me, I felt her flinch when I put my tongue on her toes.

And then, I pressed my lips against the top of her foot.

Upon planting a few kisses there, I felt her pulling on my hair.

「Sendai-san, quit it. That’s gross.」

She was glaring daggers at me.

Her pulling on my hair didn’t really hurt though.

「Really? Doesn’t it feel pretty great? 」

「It doesn’t. It’s disgusting. 」

She released her hold on my hair.

Although Miyagi furrowed her brows, her cheeks were still flushed.

I was oddly fond of her face.

It wasn’t like she was amazingly cute or anything, but if I had to say, I guess she could fall under the cute category. She probably would’ve looked even prettier if she had a little makeup on, but she didn’t seem like she was interested in things like that, which I thought was a bit of a waste. I wasn’t going to go out of my way to tell her that, though.

I kissed Miyagi’s foot once again.

Her breathing sounded normal as far as I could tell, so perhaps the reason why her cheeks were so flushed was actually because the room was hot. Still, the expressions I saw on Miyagi’s face were different than usual, which was enough to make me think that maybe licking her feet wasn’t so bad after all.

She kicked me gently on the shoulder.

「Hey, violence isn’t allowed.」

Even though it didn’t hurt, I put my hand to my shoulder.

Miyagi said, repeating herself.

I brushed the top of her foot with my tongue again without saying anything.

She probably thought she was the one giving me orders, but in reality, all of this was only happening because I was letting her do so.

I was the one in control of the situation.

If I wanted to, I could defy her at any time.

I could simply just end our arrangement and walk straight out the door.

But I was here because I felt more comfortable being in Miyagi’s room than at home.

I continued to run my tongue along her slightly cold instep.

I brushed my lips against her wet and sticky foot.

Miyagi’s leg trembled a bit.

Most likely, when we become third years, even if we ended up in different classes, Miyagi would continue summoning me and paying me five-thousand yen like this, and I would continue to accept it.

It wasn’t like I was doing this for the money, though.

I just wanted to continue seeing the self-satisfied look on Miyagi’s face whenever I obeyed her orders and led her to believe that she had power over me. That’s why, I was willing to keep her company and play along with this silly farce for as long as we were still high school students.

I mean, we were probably going to end up in different universities, and this would all be just for now anyway.

Considering that our arrangement had a time limit on it, I felt like I was getting a pretty good deal.

I parted my lips from her foot and let out a short breath.

Then, I sank my teeth back into Miyagi’s ankle.