Sendai-san had every right to ask.

When I thought back to what I’d done, I felt it was only right if I answered her question.

But if you were to ask me “why” I did it, I wouldn’t have an answer. Even I wanted to know why I did it.

She quietly urged for a response as I peeled her hand off my neck.

「I didn’t kiss your neck. I just touched it with my lips.」

「You know, normally people don’t “touch” a place like that with their lips.」

「Looks like you know the answer already. It wasn’t meant to be “normal”.」

Sendai-san was right.

Normally, I would never touch her neck with my lips.

But I did it intentionally.

I could remember it clearly.

However, I couldn’t really justify why I did it. There wasn’t a specific reason behind my actions, and even if there was, I wasn’t conscious of it myself.

I closed my textbook as if trying to avoid Sendai-san’s gaze.

If I were to order her to stop asking about this, I could forcibly bring this awkward tension to an end. However, if I did that, she would definitely bring the topic up again at every given opportunity.

The idea of that alone seemed bothersome.

「It’s not like I did anything else to you, so it’s fine, isn’t it? Is that a good enough answer for you?」

I added, as if I was trying to come up with excuses to a teacher. However, I felt a tug on the sleeve of my blouse. Even though I didn’t really want to look at Sendai-san right now, the serious expression on her face compelled me to meet her gaze.

「What about now? Do you still want to touch me?」

I had no idea why she’d even ask something like that.

Plus, I wasn’t sure if she was satisfied with my answer or not.

Just like usual, there was something off about her sense of distance. She was sticking close to my side, still gripping onto my sleeve. I wanted her to back off a bit, but the mood felt tense, and I had a hunch that she wouldn’t let go until I answered her.

「What, are you ordering me to answer that?」

「The only person who can issue orders is you, isn’t it? I’m just asking you a question.」

「If I said I wanted to touch you, would you let me?」

「Where do you want to touch me?」

「Remind me, who was the one that told me I couldn’t answer a question with another question again?」

「Well? Everything depends on your answer now, Miyagi.」

She was willing to let me touch her, but only in certain places.

At least, I think that was what she was trying to say.

Sendai-san was saying a lot of things she typically wouldn’t, which was throwing me off.

If I just tell her where I want to touch her, then…

No, there was a possibility she was doing this just to tease me.

Besides, did I even want to touch her right now?

Numerous thoughts appeared in my mind and vanished like soda bubbles. Fragments of memories began to resurface, including the image of Sendai-san sleeping on my bed.

I suddenly remembered I had also touched Sendai-san’s lips that day.

Before I stroked the side of her neck, I had traced her lips – which felt as soft as a marshmallow – with my fingers.

If given the chance, that was where I wanted to touch her again.

I extended an arm out towards Sendai-san.

I didn’t respond to her question, yet she didn’t retreat either, as if she already understood my intentions. Releasing her hold on my sleeve, my fingertips brushed against her lips.

Like last time, they felt soft to the touch.

When I gently pressed down on them, I felt Sendai-san attempting to lick my finger, causing me to pull my hand away in a panic.

Sendai-san spoke in a slightly low voice.

However, the timing and nature of my orders were for me to decide, not Sendai-san.

She said my name firmly, as if urging me to do it.

It was a bit irritating that Sendai-san was trying to push me to order her around, especially since she had no right to do so.

That was what I thought to myself.

Yet, I couldn’t bring myself to say anything about it.

「…… Close your eyes.」

If she understood the true implication of the order I had just given, she should be objecting at this moment. Yet, for some reason, Sendai-san voluntarily shut her eyes. Despite being fully aware of what was to come, she still complied.

I brushed her cheek with my hand.

I glanced at her eyes, then her nose, and finally, her mouth.

With facial features arranged slightly better than the average person’s, Sendai-san possessed a well-proportioned face. While not on the same level as a model or an idol, her appearance could still be described as beautiful.

In reality, I would normally never be able to invite someone like Sendai-san around to my house, let alone order her around. There was no way she’d even remember someone like me the moment we were placed in separate classes.

In fact, we had never spoken to each other up until that day I gave her five-thousand yen at the bookstore.

That’s why I think a line like this is something we shouldn’t cross.

I don’t understand why Sendai-san willingly closed her eyes.

Perhaps she had planned to open them the moment I got closer and then laugh it off as a joke. While I didn’t think Sendai-san was the type of person to do that, I wanted to go through every possibility in my head.

Despite that, my body inched closer towards Sendai-san.

Before I knew it, the distance between our lips was less than five centimeters apart.

I felt like I was having a hard time catching my breath.

In fact, I think I might’ve forgotten how to breathe at all.

Using the thumb of the hand that was still resting on her cheek, I gently traced her lips.

Sendai-san didn’t move at all.

I brought my face closer to hers, closing my eyes as well.

―― Was it really okay for me to touch her like this?

If I kiss Sendai-san right now, there’s a chance she might never come here again.

As soon as that thought crossed my mind, I instinctively pushed her away by her shoulders.

「Sorry. You should go home for today.」

Sendai-san opened her eyes.

She asked, sounding startled.

I pulled her by the hand to force her up and shoved her bag towards her. Then, I opened the door and pushed her out.

I wasn’t sure what the correct thing to say or do was, and my thoughts were all over the place. Despite knowing there were better ways to handle the situation than forcibly sending her away, my mind was too much of a mess at the moment to think clearly. Most importantly, I just didn’t want Sendai-san to see my face right now.

Don’t turn around. Please, just go home for today.

Sendai-san, who seemed unwilling to leave quietly, attempted to turn around, but I forced her to the entrance.

「Sorry. I’ll contact you soon.」

“Why? What’s going on? We need to talk.”

Sendai-san kept saying things along those lines, but nothing was getting through to me.

For the time being, I made her put on her shoes and then chased her out of the front door.

「Hey, Miyagi! Open up!」

I could hear the sound of knocking on the door.

However, I had no intention of opening it.

If I did, she would definitely unleash her anger at me.

Usually, I’d see her off on the ground floor entrance of the apartment, but I couldn’t bring myself to do so today.

Sendai-san kept calling my name from the other side of the door.

Why did the thought of kissing her even cross my mind in the first place?

And why didn’t I kiss her?

Unable to make sense of my own thoughts, I leaned my body against the door.

A heavy thudding sound reverberated against my back.

Come to think of it, I forgot to ask her about my eraser.

That was something that I remembered just now.