「You came all the way here just so you could get ordered around? Are you some kind of a pervert, Sendai-san?」

That was all I needed to say. Yet, those were the exact words that I found myself unable to utter.

「I’m not as perverted as you are, that’s for sure. So are you going to give me an order or not?」

She asked, pushing the choice onto me. She shouldn’t have been able to see anything past the intercom, but it felt as though her gaze was piercing a hole in me through the monitor.

I couldn’t stand the idea of Sendai-san ending this arrangement without a good reason – that’s why I wanted to give her one right before the start of spring break. But despite everything that happened, she was here right now, standing on the other side of the intercom.

Sending Sendai-san home was a simple task.

However, if she left now, she would never come back.

「―― Fine, I’ll open the door.」

I have no idea what her true intentions for coming over are.

Just so I can find out.

Not because I’m trying to keep her around.

Sendai-san said as her silhouette disappeared from the monitor. Not long after, the doorbell rang and I opened the door for her.

Before taking off her shoes, Sendai-san directed my attention to a small paper bag she was holding.

「So, what are we going to do with this?」

Sendai-san asked, as if trying to confirm something with me.

Inside the bag were the clothes I had given to her the last time I saw her.

Once again, she was forcing me to make the decision.

Sendai-san waited for my answer.

「You came here because you wanted to be ordered around, didn’t you?」

I said, turning my back to her without taking the paper bag from her hands. I heard the door closing and being locked behind me.

「Yep, that’s what I said.」

Sendai-san spoke in a voice that was neither heavy nor light. As if leaving her behind, I headed straight for my room. However, her footsteps trailed closely behind mine like it was the most natural thing in the world. I opened the door and entered the room, with Sendai-san slipping in after me. Then, she sat herself on my bed, just like usual.

「Nothing about your room has changed, huh.」

It had been less than a month since the last time Sendai-san visited, but she spoke as if a whole year had gone by.

「There’s no reason for anything to change.」

「I guess that’s true.」

Her voice sounded light and fluttery, like flower petals dancing in the wind. Then, she picked up the manga I’d left by my pillow.

「Isn’t this the same manga from all the way back then? Were you reading this?」

I should’ve cleaned up a little before letting her in.

The manga I’d left on my bed was the one I’d ordered her to read aloud the first time she’d visited.

But it was too late for regrets now.

She wasn’t laughing, but she was starting to sound more expressive than before.

Most likely, she was finding this amusing.

This is something I don’t like about Sendai-san.

「Speaking of which, it’s been a whole week already. How come you never called for me?」

She asked this nonchalantly, as if nothing had happened, while flipping rapidly through the pages of the manga.

「There were plenty of weeks where I didn’t summon you as often.」

「Yeah, but up until now, you’ve never waited a whole week before calling for me, right? There’s got to be a reason for this.」

「It’s because we’re third year students now.」

I gave her an answer that didn’t exactly tell the full truth, but it wasn’t entirely wrong either.

「Are you going to a cram school or something?」

I had no plans of going to cram school.

I wasn’t a big fan of studying, and I didn’t have any strong feelings about going to university either. If there was a university out there that I could get into without much effort, then I would consider it. If not, then I’d just weigh my options later.

I wasn’t sure if Sendai-san was convinced by my answer or not, but as she continued to flip through the pages of the manga she suddenly brought up Maika’s name.

「So you’re in the same class as Utsunomiya?」

「That’s right. What of it?」

I hadn’t mentioned anything about being in the same class as Maika to Sendai-san, and even if I wanted to, it wasn’t like we had any opportunities to talk to each other. The fact that she knew about it meant that she’d gone out of her way to search for my name on the class lists during the first day of school.

… No, that couldn’t have been it. Most likely, she was able to deduce it through a process of elimination – there were only two classrooms, after all. She was probably searching for her own name first and realized that if I wasn’t in her class, it meant I was in the other one.

That’s probably all it was.

I snatched the manga from Sendai-san’s hands.

Whatever. It doesn’t matter to me.

I put the manga away, hoping to shelve my unnecessary thoughts along with it.

「I bet you’re disappointed that you’re not in the same class as me.」

As I stared at my neatly arranged books lined up on my shelf, I heard her teasing voice from behind.

「I’m not disappointed.」

Her words sounded as if they carried no weight behind them.

When I turned around to face her, I saw Sendai-san grinning at me.

「Now you’re just lying to me.」

She said, as if going out of her way to deny it. Then, she came up next to me and pulled out a manga volume from the bookshelf. I took the book from her and put it back where it belonged.

「I can order you to do anything I want, right?」

「You’re seriously asking that now?」

「Well, I didn’t pay you anything today, so I thought I’d confirm with you, just in case.」

「We can do the usual.」

Sendai-san said, her expression the same as it was on the days leading up to spring break.

Looking outside the window, I saw that the sky had been dyed in shades of red by the sunset. The houses and apartments I could see had taken on the same colors.

Now that spring was here, the days had become a little longer compared to the winter.

I no longer needed to use a space heater to stay warm.

Sendai-san kept her blazer on today, likely because the room wasn’t as hot as before.

I closed the curtains, isolating us from the rest of the sunset-dyed world. Then, I sat down on my bed.

I pointed at a spot in front of the bed. Just as she was told, Sendai-san took a seat on the floor. Then, she grabbed my leg.

「Next, you’re going to ask me to take off your sock and lick your foot, right?」

「You’re so used to this, huh.」

「It’s only because you seem to really like ordering me to do this all the time.」

「It’s not that I like it. I just don’t have anything else I can order you to do.」

Sendai-san gazed up at me with a look of doubt in her eyes, so I kicked her on the shoulder and told her, 「Hurry up. 」

I expected her to continue talking back to me, but instead, she silently put her hands on my leg. She removed the sock that I was wearing, her fingers slowly gliding towards my heel. I could feel Sendai-san’s gentle breath brushing against my foot until the sensation of something soft and warm took its place.

She pressed her tongue against my toes, wetting them.

The feeling of her tongue slowly making its way towards my instep was a bit disgusting. However, the fact that it was Sendai-san that was licking my foot made it feel good.

I didn’t know anything about the class she was in.

But she was probably still sitting comfortably at the top of the school caste, enjoying every day alongside Ibaraki-san and her group. However, right now, that same girl was licking my foot.

As the tip of her tongue ran along my skin, I could feel Sendai-san’s body temperature clearer than ever before.

Our heat collided, melting together before finally becoming a part of me.

Her tongue made its way towards my ankle.

Even though my space heater was turned off, the room felt a bit hot. I loosened my necktie to try and escape the heat, but I found my ankle being caught by her teeth as she began to suck on it.

It felt completely different from when she was just using her tongue, causing me to grab tightly onto my sheets.

「Sendai-san, don’t do that.」

Her lips parted from my ankle as soon as I spoke.

Suddenly, she bit down on my big toe.

Her teeth dug into my flesh.

But she still didn’t stop.

Granted, it didn’t hurt as much as getting a finger caught in a door, but I shook my foot to get away from the sharp pain.

「Sendai-san, stop it.」

The teeth that were buried in my big toe slowly made their way out, the pain disappearing along with them. However, her tongue took its place as she gently licked my toe.

The sensation of a sticky tongue on my skin was rather unpleasant, but I didn’t mind the feeling of Sendai-san’s body temperature.

It felt as if the heat from the tip of my toes had traveled towards my stomach, warming up every breath that I took.

I wouldn’t call this a good feeling, though.

「Sendai-san, how long do you plan to keep coming here for?」

I tugged on her bangs to get her to stop.

「Who knows? Maybe until we graduate? I mean, we’ll probably end up going to different universities anyway. Oh, but if you tell me not to come here anymore, then I won’t. Is that what you want?」

Sendai-san raised her head to look at me as she spoke with a serious tone in her voice.

If I said that, we’d continue to see each other all the way until graduation.

But I didn’t want to go out of my way to ask her to come over, so instead, I changed the subject and asked,

「You’re planning to go to university?」

「I’m not sure. Which university are you trying to get into, Sendai-san?」

「I haven’t decided yet.」

Was she saying that because she didn’t want to tell me?

Or was she truly undecided?

Without knowing the answer to that question, the conversation ended there.

When I looked over at the curtains that were blocking out the sunset, it didn’t seem nearly as bright outside as it did before.

As if she had nothing else to do, Sendai-san started caressing my ankle. The ticklish feeling startled me, causing my leg to flinch. Instead of voicing my protests, I lightly kicked her thigh.

「You know, Miyagi, I’ve never really been a fan of carbonated drinks.」

An unexpected confession came completely out of left field. It caught me so off guard that I reflexively let out a 「Huh? 」

「Isn’t it a little too late to be saying that?」

「When we first started this, I didn’t think I’d be coming here so often, so I never found the right time to tell you.」

「…… I’m going to serve you soda again the next time you visit.」

「Wow, you’re terrible.」

「Be quiet. Now, enough talking and more licking.」

Sendai-san pressed her lips against the top of my foot, which made a small sound.

The tip of her tongue brushed against my skin.

Her body temperature was mixed in with her touch, and it gradually became a part of me.

Her heat began to warm me up from the inside.

Her wet tongue made its way to my ankle.

And just as I expected, I found it a little disgusting.