After my foot received a single stroke from her tongue, Sendai-san raised her head and asked in a quiet voice,

「Is this good enough? 」

Whenever I was having a bad day, I would let myself have my way with Sendai-san.

That was what I’d decided ever since we started this sort of relationship.

And since I wasn’t exactly having a great day today, I wasn’t going to let her off easy.

It wasn’t like I was trying to punish Sendai-san or anything, but it wouldn’t be any fun if I let her off the hook with just one lick. I mean, it wasn’t every day she agreed to such a ridiculous request like this. I hadn’t meant for things to get this far, but now that they have, it’d be a waste if I didn’t at least indulge in it a little more.

「How much longer do I have to do this for? 」

「Until I say it’s enough. 」

Sendai-san mumbled, knitting her brows.

As expected, she looked completely unamused, but it didn’t matter to me if she was having fun or not. The most important part was keeping me entertained.

「And your job is to listen to what this pervert tells you to do, Sendai-san.」

I shot a grin at her as she remained seated on the floor.

The space heater continued to blast hot air into my room, prompting Sendai-san to loosen her necktie even further. She had already removed her blazer earlier and left it laying around somewhere else. The first two buttons on her blouse were undone, exposing a hint of her collarbone.

Sendai-san let out a small sigh.

And then, just like a dog or maybe even a cat would, she began licking my foot.

Her sticky tongue gave off a wet, warm and soft sensation. It felt like we were doing something incredibly indecent.

If I owned a pet and they started licking my foot like this, I’d think it was adorable. But the reality was, it wasn’t a dog or a cat licking my foot right now – it was another human being.

I wouldn’t say Sendai-san’s appearance was on the same level as the models you’d find in magazines, but her face was very well-proportioned nonetheless. That being said, the thought of someone else licking my foot made me rather uncomfortable. I wasn’t exactly a fan of having my skin caressed by the tip of another’s tongue.

「Miyagi, are you enjoying this? 」

Sendai-san asked, raising her head.

「Well, in a way, yeah. 」

I didn’t find joy in the act of having my foot licked by someone else, but it was entertaining because Sendai-san was the one doing it.

That same Sendai-san, who stood out among our peers and was favored by our teachers, was now licking my foot.

She was licking the foot of someone as ordinary and unremarkable as myself, just like a servant would.

The thought of that alone was enough to lift my spirits.

「So you actually find this fun, huh? In that case, while I’m at it, should I make it feel good as well? 」

While saying that, Sendai-san placed her tongue by my big toe and gradually made her way towards my ankle. The warm and moist sensation of her tongue caused my hands to curl into fists. I could feel knots forming in my stomach as I clenched my teeth together.

I answered curtly while pulling on Sendai-san’s bangs. Gently pulling herself away, she responded with, “Quit it,” while still gripping my ankle.

Her somewhat long nails began to dig into my skin.

Using my index finger, I poked Sendai-san on her forehead.

「Don’t do anything unnecessary. 」

I rebuked her. In return, all she said was, “Fiiine,” and her grip around my ankle loosened.

Her tongue made its way back to the top of my foot.

Without hesitation, she casually started licking it again.

I had no idea what was going through her mind.

In fact, I’d always thought of her as someone that was impossible to read.

If I were in her shoes, I’d never be able to lick someone else’s feet, and yet, here she was, doing it without raising a single complaint.

I doubt she was doing it for the money.

But if that wasn’t the reason, then what was?

Well, I suppose there was no use trying to figure out what was going on in the mind of someone as outstanding as her.

「I wonder what your friends would think if they ever saw you doing something like this, Sendai-san.」

Her group of friends weren’t exactly the type of people I’d typically interact with. They were always so radiant, and they seemed like they were always having fun with each other, as if they were making the best out of every moment of their school lives.

「Instead of worrying about me, I think you should be more concerned about yourself. If anyone stumbled upon a scene like this, I don’t think there’s a single person who wouldn’t agree that you’re acting like a lowly pervert, Miyagi.」

Sendai-san retorted coldly as she raised her head.

If this were to be exposed at school, my reputation would probably plummet to rock bottom. No doubt, the normal school life I was used to would come to an end.

But the same would happen to Sendai-san. If they knew that she was busy licking the foot of someone as utterly unremarkable as myself, her position would start to crumble as well.

That’s why, it didn’t matter to me if I became known as a lowly pervert or not.

After all, that made Sendai-san the companion to that same lowly pervert.

「Don’t worry. I know that blabbing about what we’re doing here at school is a violation of our agreement, so I won’t say anything.」

That was one of the rules we came up with when we first started.

There were a few rules we established when I first got Sendai-san to agree to letting me do whatever I wanted with her for five-thousand yen, and one of them was that whatever we did together after school stayed strictly between us.

It was like a secret game just for the two of us – one that nobody else would ever see. Of course, that also meant neither of us were going to tell anybody else about it.

「Well, more importantly, less talking and more licking. 」

I lifted Sendai-san’s chin with the instep of my foot.

She narrowed her eyes.

She glared daggers at me, as if she had something she wanted to say.

In fact, that was probably the first time she’d ever shot me a look like that ever since I started paying her five-thousand yen.

Seeing this act of rebellion from her sent tingles down my spine.

Not that I was actually planning on listening to her or anything, I thought I would at least grant her the right to speak.

「If you have something you want to say, then I’ll let you get one word in.」

I said, staring back at her while my foot continued to prop her chin up.