「You want me to lick your foot, right?」

I’d been hanging around Miyagi for a while now, so compared to before, I was a bit better at reading her now.

「If you already know, then hurry up and get to it.」

Miyagi sounded amused as she looked down at me. While I did prefer seeing her in a good mood rather than having her look sulky all the time, I really wasn’t having it right now.

The reason for that was because I knew things were only about to go downhill from here. Whenever Miyagi appeared to be in a good mood, it had never resulted in anything positive for me.

「Fine. Can you lift your leg up a bit then?」

It was inconvenient not being able to use my hands. I couldn’t hold her leg up the way I usually did.

I stared at Miyagi’s leg as I remained seated on the floor.

I had no complaints about licking her foot.

I had done it many times before in the past.

However, licking her foot with my hands still bound together seemed like a tall task.

Her answer was short and blunt.

She’s not even going to cooperate with me? How rude.

She wanted me to obey her order while I was still tied up.

Left with no other choice, I put my tongue on the area just below her knee.

I mean, her knee was close enough to her foot anyway[2].

However, Miyagi didn’t seem to be impressed.

「Start with my toes.」

She said, her voice coming from above me.

「With my hands still bound together?」

「Yep, with your hands still bound together. After all, you enjoy doing whatever I tell you to, don’t you, Sendai-san?」

Actually, I don’t like obeying your orders at all.

But it would be pointless if I said it aloud, so I kept the thought to myself. Plus, I had no choice but to obey her. It was either that or I return the five-thousand yen to her and never set foot in her room again.

I looked up at Miyagi from the floor.

She didn’t seem like she was going to budge at all.

In order to fulfill her demand, I was the one who needed to do all the work.

The owner of this room was incredibly selfish. Unreservedly so. And I was the only person she treated this way.

She’d say things to me that she wouldn’t dare utter in front of other people. Yet, the craziest thing about all of this wasn’t her behavior, but rather the fact that I continued to obey every last one of her orders.

She kicked my knee, as if urging me to get to it. I gradually shifted my gaze away from Miyagi and began to lick her toes. With how low her foot dangled, it almost felt like I was licking the floor.

‘How humiliating,’ I thought, as if it were someone else’s problem.

「Now this is what I like seeing from you, Sendai-san.」

Hearing the joy in her voice was starting to get on my nerves.

I wasn’t in a posture that was easy to maintain. In fact, it was beginning to hurt. However, I couldn’t bring myself to make the active choice of returning the five-thousand yen to her, so I licked her toes and made my way up to the insole of her foot. By the time I reached her ankle, she pulled her leg away slightly. I followed it, almost as if I were chasing her foot down. Just as my tongue met the top of her foot again, she pushed it towards me.

No doubt, she was amused by all this.

Instead of voicing my complaints, I simply called out her name.

Seemingly displeased with me doing so, Miyagi slid her foot underneath my chin and lifted it up with her instep.

Miyagi asked with a grin on her face.

「Stop moving so much.」

「Remember, I’m the only one who can issue orders. You don’t have that right, Sendai-san.」

But do I really have to take orders from her while looking like this?

Although I was the one who willingly went along with it, I felt incredibly displeased with the current situation.

「Hurry up and continue already.」

Miyagi gave the next order before I could even speak my mind.

She placed her foot back on the floor. Then, I pressed my lips against the top of her foot once again.

She gave the orders, and I obeyed them.

It had become so routine that despite my frustration, my body acted on its own.

I licked her toes, brushing against her smooth skin with my lips.

As I bit down gently on her ankle – tracing the faint outline of the bone beneath my tongue – Miyagi’s body shifted ever so slightly. I continued to move my tongue along her leg, reaching up to her shin, while biting her in different places repeatedly.

I licked her, bit her, and then touched her knee with my lips.

I couldn’t help but imagine that the skin beneath my mouth were her lips.

I softly pressed my lips against her knee, the same way as when I kissed her.

After repeating this a few times, I sucked on it with as much intensity as I could, prompting Miyagi to grab me by my hair.

「Because you’re being lewd, Sendai-san.」

「Oh, come on. What’s that supposed to mean?」

「It just feels disgusting.」

Miyagi said without a trace of emotion in her voice as she let go of my hair.

Then, instead of gently nibbling her skin, I decided to sink my teeth firmly into her knee, ensuring enough pressure to leave distinct bite marks behind. I reached her bone almost instantly, but I didn’t care. As I dug my teeth further into her flesh, she forcefully pushed my head away.

「Quit it. That really hurts.」

「Well, you know, since you told me I was being too lewd, I thought I’d tone it down a little.」

「Don’t do anything I didn’t order you to do.」

「Huh? But I was licking your foot, just like you told me to.」

「Okay, fine. You don’t have to do it anymore.」

Though she didn’t outright declare it as the end of her order, I could discern the curt tone in her voice. Nevertheless, my bound hands remained unreleased.

「Well, in that case, can you untie me now?」

「How about you just stay like that forever?」

「I won’t even be able to go home like this.」

Miyagi’s orders were not allowed to interfere with the rest of my day.

Our arrangement dictated that my time belonged to Miyagi, and I would follow all of Miyagi’s orders during the few hours we were together, so there was no valid reason for her to deny my request. Yet, for some reason, Miyagi chose not to untie me.

「That’s fine. You don’t need to go home anyway. How about you just let me keep you around like this? If you’re concerned about food, then I’ll gladly feed you.」

Miyagi didn’t sound like she was joking at all.

「Stop spouting nonsense and just untie me already.」

「If you want me to untie you, then how about you try asking nicely?」

Even though her jokes weren’t very funny, it was hard to just brush them off.

Miyagi kicked my knee, as if telling me to hurry up.

I couldn’t discern the emotions behind the eyes that gazed down upon me.

I bowed my head as if pleading for mercy.

I knew exactly what I needed to say to get her to free me. Yet, I couldn’t bring myself to beg Miyagi to untie me. I found her current attitude a bit – no, incredibly repulsive.

「What? Do you want to stay like that forever?」

As if to make it clear that she wasn’t going to remove my necktie until I begged for it, she grabbed me by the collar of my blouse. She wasn’t using all her strength, but she pulled me closer to herself, as if she were dragging me towards her.

I shot a glare at Miyagi, who I felt was being a little violent.

「Now you’re going too far. Let me go.」

When I firmly stood my ground, Miyagi let go of my collar as if she’d suddenly lost all interest, causing me to lose my balance. I didn’t fall over, but her complete lack of consideration made me want to complain even more. However, before I could get a word in, Miyagi asked me a question.

「Sendai-san, what is it that you want from me?」

「I was just wondering if there was something you wanted me to order you to do.」

「Huh? No way. Absolutely not.」

I didn’t come to her place because I wanted to get ordered around.

That being said, I wasn’t here for the money either. But I also didn’t have anything I wanted from Miyagi.

「Then how far are you willing to let me go?」

Her words were somewhat indirect, but I immediately understood that she was asking about the extent to which I would tolerate her orders.

You’ve been acting as you please up until now. What’s the point in asking about this now?

I had no clue why she was bringing it up, but it didn’t seem like the type of question she should be asking after nearly a year.

「How far I’m willing to let you go? Well, you can start by giving me orders that remain within the boundaries of common sense.」

「Does that mean you consider the orders I gave you today as things that “remain within the boundaries of common sense”?」

She tied me up and forced me to lick her foot as if I were licking the floor.

Even now, my hands were still bound together.

I may have done exactly as I was told, but that didn’t mean I considered all of that “common sense”.

「I mean, you didn’t refuse, so that means you do consider them within the boundaries of common sense, right?」

I obeyed every last one of Miyagi’s orders.

That, in itself, fell outside the boundaries of common sense.

I would never act like this with anyone else. Not even with my future partner.

But I didn’t want to go out of my way to tell Miyagi that.

「That’s a pretty nasty way of twisting things in your efavor, don’t you think?」

「You do it all the time too, Sendai-san.」

Miyagi said in an unusually sulky voice.