[1] Sports festivals (体育祭/taiikusai – can also be referred to as 運動会/undoukai) take place annually at most Japanese schools, usually in the late spring or fall. All of the students in the school spend the day participating in various sporting events, competing against other classes. As such, some students like to practice in their respective sports beforehand. The “joint training session” (全体練習/zentai renshuu) is a schoolwide rehearsal to ensure that the event flows smoothly. There’s usually an opening ceremony and closing ceremony for the sports festival, so that’s likely included in their rehearsal as well

[2] In Japanese, 足 (“ashi”/foot) and 脚 (“ashi”/leg) have the same reading and sound the same when spoken aloud, and both refer to body parts that are in close proximity to each other. In the original text, Sendai actually says something like, “Technically, her knee was still a part of her leg (foot),” alluding to this. To be more clear, in the beginning of the chapter, Miyagi’s foot is too close to the floor for Sendai’s tongue to reach without bending down. The order Miyagi gave to Sendai was to lick her foot (“ashi”), but all Sendai can reach with her hands bound together is her leg (also “ashi”). Out of spite, Sendai licks Miyagi’s knee while thinking she’s technically in the right because her leg is also an “ashi”. Anyway, I wasn’t able to come up with anything that could convey this properly, so please accept my apology in the form of this footnote.

[3] I wasn’t sure if this was one of those things that warranted a footnote or not, but better safe than sorry! In Japan, many bathrooms in homes or apartments have a separate room within the bathroom. Basically, you would have the sink and toilet in one room, and the shower and/or bathtub in the other, so when Sendai says the “changing room” here, she’s just talking about the room outside of where the bathtub is, and not a whole locker room. I translated it this way because most North American homes (I can’t speak for other parts of the world, but I would assume Japan is a bit unique in this) have the shower and/or bathtub in the same room as the toilet and sink. If I wrote, “[…] went to dry myself off outside the bathroom” (LIKE, WHERE ARE YOU CHANGING, GIRL? IN THE HALLWAY?), or “[…] went to dry myself off in the bathroom” (IS SHE NOT ALREADY IN THE BATHROOM?), it’d be a little confusing.

[4] Obon (お盆) or just Bon (盆) is an annual Buddhist event where people welcome the spirits of their ancestors back home. It is one of Japan’s most important festivals and is typically celebrated over three days in mid-August.

[5] This one is a bit of a weird footnote, but in Japanese culture, most people call each other by their last names unless they are close. Of course, there are many, many exceptions, but the gist is that it isn’t “normal” to call people by their first names unless they are familiar with each other in some way. The reason why I’ve included this footnote is because Miyagi is implying she doesn’t want this type of familiarity with Sendai-san, but she wants her to continue touching her. The original text is already able to convey this implication without needing a footnote because it assumes the reader already knows about this part of the culture. I wasn’t sure how to rephrase this without rewriting it myself, so I opted for a footnote instead.

[6] Just some fun trivia at this point, since I think the translation gets the point across fine, but in the original text, Sendai says, “[…] 背中にぴたりと張り付いていた緊張という文字が三分の一ほど剥がれる,” which kind of super roughly translates to, “[…] the tension that was embedded in my back has now been taken away by a third of what is in the characters used for the word ‘tension.’”

The word being used for “nervousness” or “awkwardness” or “tension” here is 緊張 (kinchou). It might look super complicated to write, and it kind of is. For example, the 緊 (kin) part itself is made up of three things that could be words on their own (臣, 又, 糸). What Sendai is saying here is that the tension she feels in her back has loosened by 1/3rd of what makes up the kanji, 緊張.