Surrounded by darkness, the only thing I could feel was Miyagi’s body temperature against my neck.

Her hand, devoid of any hidden agenda, moved methodically down to my collarbone.

I was expecting Miyagi to do something different from usual, but to my surprise, she kept to her word. Even with my wrists tied up and a blindfold over my eyes, she wasn’t doing anything out of the ordinary. She was touching me the way she always did.

But it didn’t feel the same to me.

Probably because I was being deprived of my vision.

That must’ve been the reason.

Miyagi’s hand, which should have felt familiar against my skin, squirmed as if it was greedily absorbing my body heat.

Her warmth crept slowly, tickling me, and as much as I wanted to push Miyagi away, my forcibly bound hands left me unable to move.

「You’re quite the pervert, aren’t you, Miyagi?」

I said, releasing shallow breaths one after another, as if to dispel the warmth in me that was building up from her touch.

Right now, my hands were tied up and my eyes were blindfolded.

Miyagi’s insane if she’s willing to do this to someone who’s just her former classmate.

She had bound my wrists before, but compared to last time, this was on a whole other level.

She replied in a disinterested voice while leaving her hand on top of my collarbone.

「If you want me to stay quiet, then you should fill the silence, Miyagi.」

I was well-aware that Miyagi was right beside me, but not hearing her say anything while her hand rested on my collarbone was starting to make me doubt that the hand actually belonged to her.

Miyagi replied bluntly.

I thought, since Miyagi had nothing to lose just by talking, she’d be willing to make some sort of conversation with me, but she refused to budge.

Her hand glided across my skin as she stayed silent.

I could feel her heat through the fabric of my clothes.

She placed her hand right below my collarbone – just above where my heart was.

Putting morality aside, whenever Miyagi paid me five-thousand yen to let her kiss or touch me, she was always well-behaved. Her kisses never went beyond pecks, and the way she touched me would always be rather tame. Both of these orders would end in the blink of an eye, making me feel like it wasn’t worth the price of five-thousand yen.

I figured today would be no different.

But Miyagi didn’t show any signs of stopping yet.

She brushed my cheek with what I assumed were her lips.

Her hand, which had been resting on my heart, began to move towards my shoulder as the warmth against my cheek faded.

Then, I felt a lukewarm breath, followed by a soft sensation on my neck.

I felt it over and over and over again.

I became keenly aware of the faint sounds of her gentle kisses. However, rather than it feeling good, I felt uneasy, as if dandelion fluff was clinging to my skin.

With a towel wrapped around my eyes, depriving me of vision, my other senses heightened. As a result, I felt far less tolerant of things that I’d previously allowed before.

Even though I wanted desperately to push Miyagi away, I found myself unable to. Instead, I let my voice speak in place of my restrained hands.

As if to show she had no intention of replying, her warmth remained on my neck.

I decided to give her a kick on her leg.

Finally, the lips that had been kissing my neck repeatedly up until now parted.

Even though I kicked her gently, Miyagi reacted as if it hurt.

「When exactly were you planning on stopping?」

「I don’t need to answer that.」

I felt a warmth return to my neck as she replied curtly.

Given the size and sensation of the heat, I deduced that it was her hand touching me this time.

Her fingertips brushed against the bottom of my chin, fiddling around as if searching for a vein.

‘I wonder what kind of face she’s making as she’s doing this,’ I thought to myself.

Sometimes, whenever Miyagi touched me, there’d be this strange expression on her face. It hasn’t been happening as much lately, but I wonder if she still makes that face.

But at the same time, it felt like even if I could see it, I shouldn’t.

For a brief moment, I felt grateful I couldn’t see anything, but I found myself immediately regretting that thought.

Miyagi’s lips touched my cheek as she gently slid her hands over my ears.

My curiosity about her facial expression faded away quickly as I switched my focus to the sensation of her lips and hands.

I didn’t sense any suspicious ulterior motives from her, but the sensation from her lips and her hands felt extremely ticklish. I tried to push Miyagi away, but the cloth that bound my wrists together refused to come loose. Meanwhile, Miyagi’s hand continued to move along my body as if she wanted to test my sanity.

She shifted her touch from my neck down to my shoulder.

She stroked my arm, then continued along to my side.

Her hand, which traveled down my body, eventually made its way to my thigh. I could even feel her through my clothes.

It felt disgusting and ticklish at the same time.

To me, Miyagi’s touch had always felt like that. But before I even knew it, somewhere down the line, a different feeling began to emerge – one that shouldn’t be allowed to exist.

I said firmly, hoping it’d get through to her.

This situation was starting to get way out of hand.

Even if the way Miyagi was touching me was “just like usual”, I couldn’t let this go on any longer. But it didn’t seem like she had any intention of stopping. Instead, she continued to touch me.

「Hey, stop it already! Also, did you forget what I said earlier? I told you not to do anything weird.」

「I’m not doing anything weird to you, though. I’m just touching you the way I always have.」

「What you’re doing right now is weird.」

Miyagi refuted strongly.

She wasn’t exactly wrong. She really was touching me the way she usually did.

It was just that we had different definitions of “weird”.

But I didn’t feel like having this discussion with her, and I definitely did not want to go into detail about why I wanted her to stop either.

「Well, if you keep this up, I’m going to consider it a violation of our rules. Do you see where I’m going with this now?」

Miyagi immediately paused in her tracks.

「Why? It’s not like I took your clothes off or anything.」

「Yeah, but this is still against the rules. If you keep going, I’m actually going to get angry.」

Plus, keeping our clothes on wasn’t the only rule we had.

We also promised not to use violence, and sex was completely out of the question.

I was okay with her buying my obedience, but not my body.

So, anything beyond this would count as going against the rules.

「Aren’t you already angry?」

「If you knew that already, then you better stop.」

I knew where we were headed if we kept up with what we were doing and normalized it. Miyagi was probably aware of it too.

Both of us knew what sort of path laid ahead, so we needed to do everything we could to avoid it. Admittedly, ever since summer break started, I’d been breaking more and more rules by doing things like undressing her and kissing her, but that last line of defense still had to be protected.

「Fine. We’ll end it here.」

Miyagi said as she grabbed me by my shoulders.

Uh, doesn’t this still count as touching me?

But before I could launch a complaint, I felt something soft pressing against my neck. By the time I realized it was her lips, she bit me gently before quickly moving away. However, she hadn’t removed the necktie binding my wrists or the towel around my eyes yet. I still had no freedom to move around.

「Well, if we’re done, then get this off me.」

「Turn your back towards me.」

I did as I was told. Then, Miyagi untied my hands.

「Take the towel off yourself.」

Miyagi said with a disinterested tone in her voice as I felt her presence leaving my side.

I removed the blindfold myself before grabbing a cup of barley tea from the table. I got back on her bed and watched as Miyagi put the necktie away in her closet.

「You’re so lewd, Miyagi. You really are a pervert.」

「Shut up, Sendai-san.」

「You’re the one that’s always doing something weird to me.」

「No, I’m not. You’re the one that’s acting weird, Sendai-san.」

Miyagi said with a dissatisfied tone in her voice as she took a seat at the table.

I threw the towel in my hands at her and declared,

「No more of this, alright?」

「Tying me up or blindfolding me.」

「You’re adding more rules again?」

「I’m not calling it a rule, but you’re banned from doing it again.」

「If you’re not making it a rule, then isn’t it fine if I do it again?」

I wasn’t sure how serious Miyagi was about doing this again, but knowing her, there was a good chance she would.

This was no laughing matter.

If something like today ever happened again, it’d be a big problem for me.

I shut her down firmly before taking a sip of my barley tea.

Summer vacation was almost over.

Hopefully, nothing else would happen during the remainder of it.

Well, I guess taking short breaks every now and then might be fine, though.