[1] Niboshi are a type of Japanese small dried fish, usually eaten as snacks or used as soup stock. In 1994, a campaign was launched in an attempt to get people to be healthier by consuming niboshi on February 14th, and they would call it Niboshi Day (煮干しの日).

The play-on-words is exactly how Miyagi describes it. Ni (に) is two, bo (棒) is one, and shi (し) is four. Together, it makes 214, which then becomes February 14th (going by mm/dd). The reason why Miyagi says that reading the number “one” as “bo” is unreasonable is because it is almost never read that way. As for why it works here, it’s because the kanji used for “bo” is actually 棒, which means stick, and the number “1” is a stick shape.

[2] “Otaku” is a Japanese term used to describe people that have an intense interest in something, especially things related (but not limited) to: anime, manga, web/light novels (hi), video games, etc. The closest English equivalent would be “nerd” or “geek”, but it’s not exactly the same thing – particularly in this context – so I left it untranslated. In the original text, Miyagi says 「オタクっぽいゲーム」, which, you could imagine, probably means things like dating sims (like what Sendai alludes to) or other anime games.

[3] White Day is celebrated exactly one month after Valentine’s Day, on March 14th. It started being marketed in Japan some time in the 1970s, and it was meant to be a day for men (or anyone who receives a gift on Valentine’s Day, really) to return the favor, usually also with chocolate (though marshmallows were originally being marketed for this occasion).

[4] In the original text, Sendai says, “猫の額どころか鼠の額並みに狭い”, which I decided to translate pretty literally here. It is a bit of a play-on-words, but since I lack creativity or knowledge of idioms in English (I swear I did not fail English), I left it as is.

Basically, 「猫の額」(neko no gaku) translates directly to “cat’s forehead”, but in Japanese, it’s an idiom used to describe a small amount of space. I would’ve had an easier time translating the sentence if Sendai had left it at that, but then she follows up and says,「鼠の額」(nezumi no gaku), which directly translates to “mouse’s forehead” and isn’t an idiom for anything. She just thinks Miyagi would be exceptionally narrowminded if she was upset just because of the karaage thing.

Anyway, the reason why I translated it so literally was because I wanted to keep the comparison between the two animals (cat and mouse), but hopefully the direct translation still made sense.

[5] Sendai mentions having gone to a prep school over winter break all the way near the beginning of the story. Before, I didn’t expand further on this, but now that Sendai is mentioning cram school, I thought I should do it here.

Basically, in Japan, high school seniors have to take a standardized test called the “entrance exam” in order to apply for different universities, though some schools may have private entrance exams that test on more specific subjects. Although I am not from the US, I would imagine it’s something like the SATs. It’s a pretty big deal, as the education system is rather harsh and strict in Japan, making it difficult to achieve high scores.

Because of that, many students are enrolled in cram schools (塾/juku) or prep schools (予備校/yobikou), which are both generally designed to help students with entrance exam prep. The difference is that a cram school is usually more intensive, with classes being smaller in size, which also means you are able to get help from your teachers there a bit more easily as well (who will help you better according to your learning style). Meanwhile, a prep school functions pretty similarly to a university lecture, with classes being bigger in size. Cram schools are more catered to the individual, whereas a prep school might be more favorable for those who are able to learn by themselves.

Here, Sendai mentions that she would need to go to a cram school if she wanted to attend a top university. She doesn’t believe herself to be smart enough to study on her own and still achieve high enough scores to attend a top university (which is a fair assessment – not to diss Sendai, but because it is really, really hard). So instead, she settled on going to a prep school because it’s easier to manage.

[6] Honestly, I’m not sure if this is footnote worthy, but I thought I’d include it for the language or history buffs out there.

In the original text, Sendai says: 「きっと、踏み絵みたいなものなんだと思う。」, which roughly translates to: “She was definitely trying to get me to do something like fumi-e.”

Basically, fumi-e was a test of allegiance used by the authorities of the Tokugawa shogunate back in the 1600s. Christianity was banned back then, and those that were caught being a Christian would be persecuted or executed.

The “fumi” (踏み) part in fumi-e means “to step on”, and the “e” (絵) means “picture”. The idea was that if an individual was suspected to be a Christian or a sympathizer, they were given a picture of Jesus or the Virgin Mary and they had to prove their allegiance by trampling on it in order to escape death.

This must sound pretty wild considering Sendai and Miyagi are just two high school girls in the modern era, but essentially, it just means “test of allegiance” now. There is no religion involved here.

[7] Golden Week is a weeklong break that happens from April 29th to May 5th every year (though it may be adjusted by a day depending on which day it starts and ends that year). Although it’s not the longest holiday for students, it is the longest break for working adults in Japan. If you’re interested, you can read more about the history of it on the Wikipedia page.

[8] Sendai uses the term batsu gēmu (罰ゲーム) here, which literally translates to “punishment game”. Usually, it’s something that takes place after a game or a bet, where the winner can make the loser do their bidding (within reason, of course). You might’ve seen some examples of punishment games in some anime romcoms for the sake of progressing the romance (e.g. someone loses in a card game? The loser must kiss so-and-so), or a simpler example would be making the loser buy the winner a drink or something.