Miyagi had come to check on me the other day.

Her visit was like a bolt from the blue, but nothing more. No storm or disaster followed, and I continued going to Miyagi’s place whenever she called me over.

Not much had changed since before I got the cold.

It was already November, and Miyagi was still by my side.

Within those days, a few unexpected things had happened.

Even though our midterms were behind us, Miyagi kept studying diligently.

The last time she showed me her exam results, they weren’t quite good enough to aim for the same university as me, but they weren’t bad either. She’d have no trouble getting into the school she said she wanted to attend.

But, for someone who once said she wouldn’t put in extra effort, she sure was studying a lot.

It wasn’t strange for a student in their entrance exam year to study hard, but Miyagi always avoided unnecessary work. It felt strange seeing her study harder than she needed to.

I munched on some chips I’d bought from the convenience store.

“Did you change your first-choice university?”

I had asked her earlier, but she coldly replied with, “No.”

I grabbed another chip from the bag on the table.

「Here, Miyagi. Open wide.」

Though I didn’t know why she was studying so much, I held a chip out to Miyagi as she focused seriously on her textbook.

She had said the same thing back when I last brought chips to her room. As if reenacting that scene, I took another chip and popped it into my mouth.

「Here, have this one.」

Miyagi replied, her expression clearly irritated.

If I tried to shove the chip into her mouth, she’d definitely get angry at me.

She was being colder to me now that I wasn’t sick anymore.

I bet she’d be a little nicer to me if I had a cold or fever today, too. I was well aware of how selfish I’d acted when Miyagi came by to check on me the other day, but she never got mad at me for it.

It was nice to know that Miyagi, of all people, could be kind to me, even if it was just because I was sick. Now, I found myself wishing for that same kindness even when I wasn’t sick.

「Come on, I’ll even feed it to you, so open your mouth.」

I held the chip to her lips, but she kept her mouth shut.

Miyagi was like a stray cat, never doing what I wanted and always running away when I got too close. If I stuck my hand out, she’d bite it. That part of her hurt sometimes.

And yet, even Miyagi, unpredictable as she was, went out of her way to do something for me while I was sick. Seeing that gave me high hopes.

When I kept pressing the chip to her mouth, she finally opened it, wearing a sour expression on her face.

It was rare for her to give in like this, so I pushed the chip into her mouth, and she grimaced like I’d just fed her something awful.

Still, it felt like buying these chips had been worth the trouble. I would’ve liked it if she enjoyed the taste more, but the fact that she ate it at all eased my disappointment.

I wasn’t trying to feed her like a wild animal, but I wanted to keep giving her things. I hoped that maybe, just maybe, if I kept giving her these chips, it might make her want to find me for treats even after we graduated.

I picked up another chip and held it near Miyagi’s lips.

Miyagi didn’t say anything, but her glare clearly asked, “Are we seriously still doing this?” Honestly, it wouldn’t have surprised me if her frustration was plastered all over the walls too.

Even so, she still reluctantly opened her mouth, frowning the whole time.

When I brought the chip closer, it quickly vanished with a satisfying crunch.

I lightly brushed my fingers against her lips, and she furrowed her brow in annoyance.

She didn’t seem to appreciate it, but I ran my fingertip along her lips anyway. In response, Miyagi bit down on my finger just like she had with the chip earlier.

I had expected this from her, but it still hurt.

Lately, whenever I traced her lips like this, she would bite me. I had even gone out of my way to buy a bag of chips today just so I could do it.

The reason why I did it was simple: we hadn’t kissed since the time I was sick. But every time I tried to do something that could lead to a kiss, Miyagi would refuse, just like she did now.

「Miyagi, that hurts.」

My attempt to get her to stop didn’t seem to register with her, and instead, she bit down even harder.

「Well, if you’re going to keep doing that, you might as well lick it too.」

I said as I brushed the tip of her tongue with the finger she’d been biting, causing her to let it go.

「So you’re not going to lick it?」

Miyagi looked down at her notebook, finishing up the half-solved problem before flipping the page of her textbook.

She never licked my finger on her own, and if I asked her to lick it, she’d immediately stop biting it.

I was beginning to understand her reactions, but I still had no idea why she was so against kissing.

It wasn’t like I had to kiss Miyagi, but it wasn’t like I didn’t want to either. If I had the chance, of course I’d want to, but Miyagi didn’t seem to feel the same. After all the times we’d kissed, it seemed too late for her to refuse, yet she still did.

I couldn’t understand why Miyagi was so determined to avoid kissing me, and even if I asked, she probably wouldn’t tell me. If I tried to push her for an explanation, she’d just order me to stop, and that would be the end of it.

Miyagi was always unfair like that.

Even though she wouldn’t let me kiss her, she’d still ask me to show her the pendant. She’d order me to unbutton the third button of my blouse, touch my chest, and do whatever she pleased, and I wouldn’t be able to say no. But if I wanted to touch her, there was no way she’d allow it. She wasn’t interested in making any more trades, either.

Miyagi shouldn’t have been so nice to me when I was sick. She shouldn’t have let me kiss her, and now, because she hadn’t pushed me away that day, I couldn’t help but get my hopes up.

I poked her shoulder, trying to get her attention.

「What do you want? I’m studying.」

Miyagi’s voice sounded like I was bothering her. I slipped my finger into her moving mouth.

I said, but instead of licking, Miyagi bit my finger.

Her teeth clamped down on my finger even harder than before.

With my free hand, I stroked her cheek, then her ear.

When I tugged on her earlobe, her bite eased, and I pressed my fingertip against her tongue.

「Don’t bite it. I told you to lick it.」

I wasn’t giving her an order.

I had no right to make Miyagi obey me, so it was just a simple request. If she wanted, she could’ve bitten me again or pulled my finger out herself, but she didn’t—instead, she listened to my request.

Something lukewarm clung to my fingertip.

Her tongue pressed against it, slowly gliding along.

The sensation of her mouth’s raw warmth made it feel like every nerve in my body was focused on that wet finger.

It wasn’t supposed to be this warm, but my fingertip felt like it was on fire. Drawn to her body heat, I felt my own temperature rising with it.

I slowly pulled my finger away, brushing her lips as I did, and she continued licking up to my second joint.

I couldn’t say it out loud, but this felt incredibly erotic.

She’d licked my finger like this before.

But back then, it didn’t feel this way, and I knew it was because my view of Miyagi had changed.

I pressed my fingertip against her lips again. When I tried pushing my finger back into her mouth, Miyagi firmly gripped my arm and pulled it away.

「That’s enough, isn’t it?」

Miyagi said as I felt her nails dig into my skin through my blazer.

「If I said no, would you lick it again?」

「Sendai-san, you don’t have the right to give me orders, you know that, right?」

I acknowledged her words, and Miyagi loosened her grip on my arm. She grabbed the crocodile-covered tissue box and pulled out two tissues.

「Here, dry yourself off with this.」

Following her instructions, I wiped my finger clean, crumpled the tissues into balls, and tossed them in the trash. After landing a clean shot, Miyagi, as though she had been waiting, said,

「This time, you lick my finger. That’s your order today.」

She pressed her fingertip against my lips, and instead of replying, I touched it with my tongue.

Just like she’d done earlier, I ran my tongue up to the second joint of her index finger.

When I pressed harder, I could feel the firmness of her bone beneath her skin.

I lightly bit down, and Miyagi attempted to pull away, but I held on, then kissed the back of her hand.

I wonder what Miyagi sees when she looks at me.

What was going through her mind? What sort of things was she feeling?

I wish I could see inside her thoughts.

「That’s enough, Sendai-san.」

Her voice was cold as she tried to pull her hand back, but I held onto her and bit down on her fingertip.

As I tried to slip her finger into my mouth, I felt the crocodile-shaped box being pressed against my collarbone.

「I said, that’s enough.」

She pushed harder with the crocodile, and I let go.

I grabbed the crocodile-shaped tissue box from Miyagi and took hold of her hand. I leaned in, trying to bring her finger to my lips again, but she quickly pulled it out of my grasp.

「Stop it. I don’t want you to continue.」

「”Why not?” Because it’s kind of–」

She cut herself off before finishing her thought.

「Give me back the crocodile.」

I handed the tissue box back to her, just like she’d requested. Miyagi wiped her finger clean with a tissue, and instead of returning the box to me, she handed me the crumpled tissue.

「So, what were you going to say?」

I tossed the tissue towards the trash can, but unlike my previous attempt, I missed, so I got up and threw it away properly.

「You’re such a pervert, Sendai-san.」

「That is definitely not what you were about to say earlier.」

I sat back down beside her and patted the crocodile’s head in her hands.

「Hey, Miyagi, did it feel good at least?」

「Shut up, Sendai-san. I’m going back to studying, so don’t bother me anymore.」

I knew Miyagi wouldn’t tell me if it felt good.

But still, it would be nice if she felt that way.

After feeding Miyagi some chips, she served us frozen Hamburg steaks and instant soup for dinner. It was a quick, simple meal, just like what we always ate.

She asked me to stay for dinner, but didn’t invite me to spend the night, so I left after we finished eating. There were some things Miyagi would never say, and the things she did say were usually cold, as if to push me away. That was just how she was, and I had always been okay with it.

I stopped jotting down the notes from the blackboard and glanced at the clock—only five minutes left until lunch.

My focus drifted back to the board as I absentmindedly doodled a crocodile in my notebook.

It had been a few days since I’d seen Miyagi, and I found myself wishing she’d say something she normally wouldn’t.

September felt like the tail end of summer break, and graduation had still seemed distant back then. Then, October came and went in a blur, with midterms and preparations for the cultural festival keeping me too busy to think about how little time we had left. But now that it was November, the reality of graduation felt much closer. There were still days ahead of us, but with winter break coming up and all the optional attendance days[1] in our third term, it didn’t seem like enough.

There wasn’t anything specific I wanted to hear from Miyagi, but I just wanted her to say something different. After realizing how kind Miyagi could be when I was sick, I’ve been wanting more of that from her.

I drew tissues growing from the back of the crocodile in my notebook.

Not long after, the bell rang, and the teacher dismissed us for lunch. I put my books away and made my way to Umina’s desk, tapping her on the shoulder.

「Umina, I’m going to buy my lunch today, so you should start eating without me.」

With my wallet in hand, I made my way toward the door, weaving through the desks. Just as I was about to step out, I heard Umina’s voice calling out to me.

「Hazuki, get me some strawberry juice! I’ll pay you back later.」

Mariko added, and I raised my hand in acknowledgment.

It wasn’t a big ask, so I quickly agreed and turned to step into the hallway. But as I did, I accidentally bumped into someone.

To be fair, I hadn’t been watching where I was going.

I wasn’t in any rush, but I wasn’t paying attention either.

「Sorry! Are you okay?」

I blurted out an apology and looked at the person I ran into. It was someone I recognized.

「Oh, no, it was my fault as well.」

It was Utsunomiya Maika.

Miyagi mentioned her often, and I always saw them together, so I knew her face well. But to Utsunomiya, I was just a former classmate. We weren’t really friends, so I kept my words polite.

Utsunomiya answered, and we started walking down the same direction.

There weren’t many places to go within the school. The hallways were straight and narrow, with classrooms on one side and windows on the other. It was lunchtime, so the usual destinations were either the bathroom or the cafeteria, and Utsunomiya seemed to be going the same way as me.

「Um, I’m not sure if you remember, but I’m Utsunomiya. We were in the same class last year, Sendai-san.」

Utsunomiya, who had been walking slightly ahead, suddenly stopped to introduce herself.

「Of course I remember.」

I’d heard her name countless times from Miyagi.

Obviously, I couldn’t say that, so I gave a simple, safe response, and we continued down the hallway in silence.

Though she’d started the conversation, Utsunomiya went quiet again. I figured she probably felt obligated to say something, since we were former classmates that bumped into each other and were now heading in the same direction, but the silence was more awkward than before.

I didn’t have much to say either, so we walked along quietly.

Since we were going the same way, I couldn’t exactly leave either.

Silence with Miyagi never bothered me, but with Utsunomiya, it felt uncomfortable. She wasn’t a stranger, but she wasn’t a close friend either. The silence felt heavy, and I wanted to break it with something, anything.

That being said, there were only so many topics we could talk about, so I decided to go with the safest one.

「Which university are you thinking of applying to, Utsunomiya?」

She told me the name of her first choice.

「Oh, I’m also aiming for a university outside the prefecture.」

When she asked which one, I told her the name and added, “Maybe we’ll run into each other if we both get in.”

「Oh, Shiori– uh, I mean, Miyagi Shiori, who was in our class last year, is also applying to the same university as me, so you might run into――」

I blurted out without thinking, interrupting Utsunomiya.

It was a name I was all too familiar with, one that didn’t need to be repeated, yet hearing it made me stop in my tracks.

As far as I was aware, Miyagi was set on applying to a local university.

「Is something wrong?」

My voice had come out louder than expected, leaving Utsunomiya with a confused expression on her face.

「Oh, sorry. I was just surprised; I didn’t realize Miyagi’s grades were that good.」

I knew that might’ve been a bit rude to say, but I couldn’t come up with anything better to bury the awkwardness with.

「Yeah, it seems like she’s been studying really hard lately.」

Utsunomiya replied, still looking puzzled, but not particularly skeptical.

Utsunomiya probably only mentioned Miyagi’s name to fill the silence and was caught off guard by my reaction. If I could just steer the conversation away from Miyagi, we could chat about anything else until we reached the cafeteria.

I resumed walking, but as soon as I took a step forward, my mouth decided to move on its own.

「Is Miyagi actually trying to get into the same school as you?」

「Well, she brought it up rather suddenly, so I can’t tell if she was being serious, but she did say she at least wanted to give it a shot.」

「… Um, Sendai-san… are you and Shiori friends?」

Our conversation was meant to be casual, but Utsunomiya’s tone shifted lower, as if trying to gauge the situation. She looked a bit tense and perhaps a little nervous. Maybe she had been waiting to ask me this all along.

I shot a question back at her while maintaining a smile on my face.

「I had a hunch from that time you and Shiori ran into each other in the hallway. Plus, it sometimes feels like you’re stealing glances at her whenever we pass by you. And there was also that time you came to our class to look for her.」

She was quite perceptive.

I couldn’t recall sneaking glances at Miyagi, but we’d definitely made eye contact before. Although we’d agreed not to interact with each other at school, we were deeply connected outside of it, so my reactions were likely involuntary.

「No, we’re not friends. And the only reason I was looking for her was because a teacher had asked me to.」

I kept smiling and picked up my pace slightly.

「… I guess it was just my imagination, then.」

Utsunomiya murmured before adding, “I’m going to buy something to drink,” and walked off toward the vending machines.

Since we weren’t particularly close, I didn’t feel the need to accompany her. Instead, I decided to buy a sandwich first, then get the juice boxes Umina and Mariko had requested earlier before heading back to the classroom, where the two were excitedly chatting about their boyfriends.

It was pretty fun spending lunch with Umina and the others, and it did make me a bit sad to think that soon, I wouldn’t have the chance to hear their lighthearted chatter anymore. But today, their words felt like background noise, and I found myself neither enjoying nor feeling sad about it.

I simply nodded along while munching on my sandwich.

I had no idea Miyagi was aiming for a university outside the prefecture.

I had considered suggesting a nearby school in case applying to the university I was aiming for was impossible for her, but I knew she would coldly dismiss it.

Yet, here she was, suddenly aiming for the same university as Utsunomiya—a school not far from my first choice.

But then again, nothing was finalized yet.

She could still be weighing her options.

But given how much she was studying even after our midterms were done, what Utsunomiya said earlier was probably true.

If that were the case, then the fact that Miyagi went out of her way to hide this from me probably meant she didn’t want me to know, and that her motivations for choosing that university likely had little to do with me.

It would’ve been nice if the reason why she wanted to attend a university outside of the prefecture was to be with me, but it made more sense if she was doing it to stay close to Utsunomiya.

Yeah, I can’t imagine it being for any other reason.

There was no surprise there.

Miyagi and I didn’t have the sort of relationship where we’d promise each other we’d attend the same university or at least choose ones close together.

She was determined to let our current relationship end when graduation rolled around, and she wouldn’t even let me to kiss her anymore. She probably didn’t care about us parting ways after graduation either.

But Utsunomiya was different; she was someone Miyagi didn’t want to lose. It was perfectly understandable that she chose Utsunomiya over me. To Miyagi, I was merely a former classmate, not even a friend.

Sure, there was nothing unusual about that at all.

But I definitely wasn’t happy about it.

Miyagi and Utsunomiya were just friends, nothing more – that much, I was certain of.

But even if Miyagi and I weren’t friends, I was closer to her in a way Utsunomiya wasn’t. And yet, Miyagi still chose Utsunomiya— who was just a regular friend— over me. I wouldn’t go as far as to say I was annoyed, but I could definitely feel my stomach churn.

The sandwich I was eating didn’t taste great either.

It felt like my sense of taste had been warped by Miyagi to the point where even the instant food she prepared—or rather, warmed up—tasted a lot better than this.

I forced down the dry sandwich and followed it with a sip of milk tea. Then, I heard a notification from my phone in my pocket. Checking the screen, I saw the usual message from Miyagi.

But I wanted to have a conversation with her somewhere other than her home.

I responded to her message with something different than usual this time.

『Meet me in the music preparation room after school. I’ll be waiting for you.』

I never got a reply from her, not even after all our classes had finished.

I wasn’t surprised in the slightest; I had expected her not to respond.

But either way, I made my way straight to the music preparation room.

There was a chance Miyagi would come, but there was also a chance she wouldn’t.

She had shown up the last time I called her here after the cultural festival, but after what happened that day, there was a good chance she wouldn’t want to today.

Still, if she did come, I wanted to ask her about what Utsunomiya had told me earlier.

―― I was feeling pretty awful right now.

The pain in my stomach had faded, but an uneasy feeling lingered in my chest.

My head was full of negative thoughts, and it was putting me in a bad mood. It was the same feeling I got whenever I saw my parents doting on my older sister.

I fixated on one thing, and it let the pessimism creep in.

This wasn’t good for me.

I’d always been pretty good at using my head—getting by in life, having fun and doing well at school, and maintaining my status. But now, it felt like everything was falling apart.

I inhaled deeply, then exhaled.

I paced around the small classroom.

Even if I had nothing to do with Miyagi choosing a school outside the prefecture, she still picked one close to the school I wanted to attend.

It didn’t matter why she chose it. What mattered most was that she’d be nearby, and that was better than nothing.

That’s how I needed to think about it.

As much as I hated to admit it, I didn’t want to be apart from Miyagi. The thought that she might have chosen the school because of Utsunomiya unsettled me, making me feel like I was wandering alone in a bleak, colorless world. But instead of dwelling on that, I reminded myself that the most important thing was that we’d still be near each other.

As long as Miyagi stayed close by, our relationship wouldn’t have to end so quickly. Thinking about it like that made it feel easier to let go of some of my emotions.

It was impossible to get all my feelings in order, so it was better to just be more mindful and approach them differently, instead of letting myself spiral into despair.

Even though I couldn’t fully come to terms with my feelings yet, as long as I guided them in a more positive direction, it didn’t seem like such a bad approach.

But there was just one problem.

Miyagi wasn’t the type to be honest.

Even if I asked her again about which university she was aiming for, I doubted she’d give me a straight answer. And I didn’t want to bring up Utsunomiya, either. If I did, Miyagi would probably deny it and say she only asked her for advice—not because she actually intended to apply.

So, confirming whether what I’d heard earlier was true without mentioning Utsunomiya seemed difficult.

Still, a part of me didn’t want to let this go so easily.

If Utsunomiya had told Miyagi about what happened during lunch—how she’d mentioned Miyagi’s plans to apply to the same university…

If Miyagi knew I was aware of her plans, things could get messy. I wouldn’t be surprised if she ended up telling Utsunomiya she’d changed her mind and was applying to a local university instead.

I stopped pacing around and glanced at the clock. Fifteen minutes had passed since I’d arrived.

「I guess she’s not coming.」

I’ll give it another five minutes.

Perhaps because December was just around the corner, it felt a little chilly in the music preparation room. This wasn’t exactly the best place to hang around waiting for someone.

And even though Miyagi could be cold, she didn’t seem like the kind of person who would keep me waiting for thirty or forty minutes—or at least, I hoped she wasn’t.

I leaned against a shelf filled with instruments and glanced at the door.

I slowly closed my eyes, and just as I opened them again, I heard the door open quietly.

Standing there was someone wearing a skirt that wasn’t too long or too short.

Her brows were furrowed, and she looked clearly displeased.

She didn’t offer me a single word of concern like, “Sorry I’m late” or “Did I keep you waiting?”

She simply walked up to me silently.

Her hair, which reached slightly past her shoulders, swayed lightly as she moved and before stopping in front of me. Then, with an irritated tone, she asked,

「What happened to our rule of not interacting at school?」

She smacked her bag against my leg.

「If you care that much about the rules, you didn’t have to come. But since you’re here, I guess they don’t matter that much, huh?」

Miyagi’s tone was even colder than the room itself, and she turned to leave, but I called out to stop her.

「Wait. I called you here because I needed to talk to you about something.」

「I bet it’s just going to be about something pointless anyway, right? We could’ve just talked at my place.」

She grumbled as she dropped her bag on the floor and stared at me.

「I just wanted to make sure you couldn’t give me any orders.」

I said with a smile, and she shot me a look of clear annoyance in return.

「Fine, if you have something to say, then say it quickly.」

I didn’t exactly know what I wanted to say or how to say it. My thoughts were still jumbled, and even if she gave me another five minutes, I felt like I wouldn’t be able to get them sorted out. When it came to Miyagi, I was surprisingly slow at organizing my thoughts, so I decided to just ask her directly, like usual.

「… What schools are you applying to?」

「This is what you wanted to talk about?」

「You’ve already asked me this multiple times, you know.」

「I just thought, since you don’t have to apply to just one school, maybe you were considering others.」

「I’m not applying to any others.」

Her answer was exactly what I expected.

I gently strummed one of the polished instruments.

Miyagi never liked talking about university.

I wanted to press her further, but I knew she wouldn’t give me a straight answer. She always kept me in the dark about things I wanted to know. I had no way of confirming whether what Utsunomiya said earlier was true or not.

「I think you should apply to more schools, though. Since your grades have improved, you could probably aim for better universities. You’ve worked so hard, so you might as well try.」

Even though I knew it might not work, I tried another approach to get an answer out of her.

「You’re so stubborn, Sendai-san. I’m done talking about this.」

「You can’t order me around while we’re here.」

「I’m not ordering you around. If you want to keep talking to yourself, then go ahead, but I have nothing more to say. I’m going home. Make sure you come over to my place when you’re done, Sendai-san.」

Miyagi said, attempting to end the conversation on her own.

I knew that’s just how she was, but her cold and blunt attitude still hurt. If I kept pushing, I knew she’d only pull away further, yet I couldn’t bring myself to give up. I didn’t want her to leave like this.

「Wouldn’t it be nice to go to the same university as your friends?」

I wanted to use Utsunomiya as an example, but I held myself back from saying her name.

「… Why are you saying that all of a sudden?」

「It’s pretty common, right? Lots of people try to go to the same university as their friends.」

「Speaking of which, Maika mentioned she ran into you at lunch.」

A faint crease appeared between Miyagi’s brows as she spoke, sidestepping my question. Her words revealed that Utsunomiya had already filled her in on our lunchtime conversation, and now there was no avoiding the mention of her name.

「I ran into Utsunomiya on my way to the school store.」

「What did you and Maika talk about?」

「She just asked why I was looking for you that day.」

「Yeah. Did Utsunomiya say anything?」

「She told me the same thing you did.」

It seemed Utsunomiya hadn’t shared everything she told me with Miyagi.

If that was the case, it was better not to push things any further.

Ending the conversation here would keep things simple. I knew it was the sensible thing to do, but a part of me still wanted to keep talking.

As Miyagi bent down to pick up her bag, I instinctively grabbed her hand.

「Wait, let’s chat a bit more.」

「I don’t want to. If you have more to say, we can talk about it later at my place.」

「I guess that’s true.」

She was right, but I couldn’t bring myself to let go of her hand.

Instead, I gripped it tighter, closing any gap between our fingers.

Her hand was colder than when I’d held it the day I was sick.

Even with both of us in the room, our hands were still freezing, probably because of how chilly it was. Either way, I wasn’t holding her hand to warm us up.

「I’m trying to go home, so let go of me.」

「Just stay with me like this a little longer.」

I knew if I let go now, I wouldn’t get another chance to hold her hand like this anytime soon, so I wasn’t ready to release her.

I wanted to keep holding on, to touch her more.

I struggled to process these emotions, probably because Miyagi was always the one touching me.

And I was likely only feeling this way because Miyagi was refusing to tell me anything.

I called her name and stepped closer, but she tried to shake me off.

「I’m not going to let you kiss me, so just let me go home already.」

「I haven’t even said anything yet.」

Miyagi’s voice was cold, like she had recalled what happened the last time we were here. But all I wanted was to touch her a little more, not kiss her.

「I felt like that’s what you were going to say, so I wanted to make it clear first.」

「That’s not it. I just wanted to touch you a little. You’re always trying to touch me too, aren’t you, Miyagi?」

「What do you mean “too”? I haven’t touched you at all, Sendai-san.」

I undid the second button on my blouse, something I would never normally do at school, and revealed the pendant hanging around my neck.

「You’re always trying to touch this, aren’t you?」

Every time I went to Miyagi’s place, she’d ask to touch the pendant under my blouse. But whenever I tried to touch her in the same place, she’d always order me to stop.

「I’m just touching the necklace, not you, Sendai-san.」

「But when you do that, you’re touching me too. I think it’s only fair you let me do the same. It’s not right that you’re the only one who gets to touch me all the time, Miyagi.」

I moved closer and gently brushed my hand against her cheek.

When I pressed my palm to her skin, Miyagi shivered—probably because it was cold. I let my hand slide down to her neck and began to loosen her necktie, but just as I reached for a button on her blouse, she grabbed my arm to stop me.

「Stop it, Sendai-san. You’re such a pervert.」

Miyagi stated firmly as she released my arm.

「I don’t have to follow your orders when we’re here.」

「That’s true. I only pay for your time in my room, not here at school.」

「Exactly, so you should just stay still and let me touch you.」

「But that doesn’t mean you have the right to do whatever you want to me at school, either, Sendai-san.」

「But you let me kiss you last time, didn’t you?」

Miyagi tightened her necktie, her expression complicated as I reminded her of what happened here before. Then, in a flat, emotionless voice, she said,

「… Fine, if you want to touch me, you’ll have to offer me something in return. After all, you love making trades, don’t you, Sendai-san?」

「I wouldn’t say I “love” making trades, but what do you want in return?」

I had a feeling that whatever she wanted wouldn’t be anything good.

Yet, I couldn’t help but ask her anyway.