I didn’t mind being touched by Sendai-san.

But if I let her get away with one thing, she’d definitely push for more, so I couldn’t allow her to do whatever she wanted.

Still, I liked the Sendai-san who was willing to make deals and listened to me without fuss.

I sat down on an old chair in the corner of the music preparation room.

Sendai-san had heard me say this plenty of times before, but for some reason, she looked surprised.

「Did you not hear me? I told you to lick my foot.」

「Do it, and I’ll let you touch me.」

Sendai-san rarely disobeyed my orders, but we had always done them at my place, so I wasn’t sure if she’d follow through at school.

I chose this knowing she probably wouldn’t.

Any order that Sendai-san would want to refuse would’ve worked, but I couldn’t think of any command that would make her hesitate like this one. If she didn’t want to go through with the trade, she’d have no choice but to give up, and this seemed like a simple way to make that happen.

「We’re at school, not your place. You know that, right? Sure, not many people come here, but what if someone did see us? This is way too much, even for a trade.」

Just as I expected, Sendai-san started listing all the obvious reasons why she wouldn’t go along with it.

「So, does that mean you’re not willing to fulfill your end of the bargain?」

When I asked, she glanced over at the door of the music preparation room, her eyes wavering like she was debating.

While she hesitated, I decided to answer for her.

「Looks like the trade’s off, then. We can agree on that, right? I’m heading home now. Make sure to come over right after.」

Even if she had more to say, we could discuss it at my place.

Even though she kept asking about things I didn’t want to talk about, I preferred handling it at home, where I could just order her to stop whenever I wanted.

I got up from the chair and grabbed my bag from the floor. Just as I was about to leave, she called out to me.

Before I could reply, she dragged the chair towards me.

「Sit down. You want me to lick your foot, don’t you?」

「Don’t force yourself to do it if you don’t want to.」

「I’m not. Just sit down already.」

「And what if someone sees us?」

「I’ll just say you ordered me to do it, so it’s fine.」

「That doesn’t seem fine at all.」

「Whether it is or not doesn’t matter. This is what you asked for, right? Now sit down.」

Sendai-san had hesitated just moments ago.

The fact that she hadn’t given in right away showed this trade was pushing the limits of what she was willing to accept, yet she still agreed to go along with it anyway.

If she was willing to go this far, whatever she wanted from me couldn’t be anything good.

「… What is it you want from me, Sendai-san?」

「I told you. I just want to touch you.」

「Yeah, it is. I won’t do anything that’ll upset you, Miyagi.」

Sendai-san’s calm voice and steady gaze made it seem like she wasn’t lying, but I couldn’t believe she’d go as far as licking my foot just so she could touch me. Why would she even want something like that in the first place? What made her even want it? It didn’t make any sense. Plus, I doubted she was being serious.

Sendai-san wasn’t looking at anything but me right now, and that was enough for me to set aside why she accepted the trade.

With two buttons undone on her blouse, her necklace was visible, and just seeing it around her neck made me feel like she really did belong to me. I wanted her to keep looking at me like this until we graduated, and for now, she was. Thinking about that way, this didn’t seem too bad.

「Hurry up and take a seat already, Miyagi.」

Moreover, I was the one who suggested making a trade in the first place.

I sat down on the chair out of my own will, not because she told me to. Slowly, she knelt down, taking off my indoor shoe and sock.

The door to the music preparation room was closed, but as if feeling uneasy, Sendai-san glanced over at it, as if checking to make sure.

There were no sounds of voices or footsteps in the hallway, just the quiet sound of Sendai-san’s breathing.

Instead of using her tongue, she ran her fingers along my foot. Her touch felt ticklish, so I lightly kicked her leg.

「Don’t do that. I told you to lick it.」

In response, Sendai-san grabbed my heel, lifting my foot slightly and bringing her face closer. Something not as wet as a tongue pressed against the base of my toes, and I realized it was her lips. The soft sounds of her lips kissing my foot filled the air.

Frustrated that she wasn’t doing as I said, I pushed my foot to her lips, and something warmer and wetter moved to my ankle.

「Is this good enough?」

She asked, lifting her head.

There was no way this was good enough. Sendai-san had been the one who ultimately decided to do this, so I couldn’t just let her do it half-heartedly and leave it at that.

「Lick it properly. You’re just pressing your lips against it.」

「I don’t think there’s that much of a difference.」

I reaffirmed my stance, and Sendai-san pulled my foot closer, biting down on my big toe. She seemed to hold back a little, but it was still hard enough to hurt. Before I could complain, she started licking the top of my foot, her tongue slowly trailing up to my ankle.

The warmth of her tongue against my skin wasn’t unpleasant. The first time I made her lick my foot, I’d felt a bit disgusted—even though I was the one who made her do it. But there was also a sense of superiority that came with it, knowing that I’d made someone like her, who had nothing in common with me, obey my commands.

This time, it was different.

Her tongue slid over the bone of my ankle, sending a shiver up my spine. It wasn’t the disgust I’d felt before—it was something else. I pushed my foot closer, pressing it against her tongue, and she didn’t back away. Her warmth felt comforting in this chilly room.

And yet, frustration rose inside me. Sendai-san accepted trades like this, but she wouldn’t fully submit to me.

Why was she going to a university outside the prefecture?

She kept trying to get me to change my first-choice university, but she wasn’t willing to change her own.

I knew the real reason Sendai-san was determined to go to a university outside the prefecture—it was because of her family. But it still annoyed me. She was willing to do things like this when we were at school, yet she didn’t even give what I’d said last time about staying here a second thought. Even though I understood her reasons, I still couldn’t accept them.

That’s why I didn’t want to tell Sendai-san the truth. I’d told Maika I was applying to the same university as her, but with Sendai-san, I didn’t want her thinking I was doing it just to follow her. Still, I couldn’t help but wonder. If I did tell her, what would she say with those lips and tongue currently licking my foot? What would her gentle—but not always kind—voice say?

「Do you still want me to keep going, Miyagi?」

She asked, her words not answering the questions that were on my mind.

I said, giving her a gentle kick.

She frowned briefly, but soon lowered her gaze.

This time, it wasn’t her lips or tongue but her fingertips that brushed my ankle, gliding up to my calf. She lifted my skirt slightly, her lips moving to my knee, and then her tongue followed.

Her tongue traced my knee slowly, adding just a bit more pressure now and then. It was different from before, and when I tried to pull away instinctively, she pulled my leg right back.

A suffocating feeling crept into my chest, as if something had grabbed hold of my heart. Sendai-san kept licking my leg like she was wiping up a spill.

‘This isn’t good,’ I thought, and a memory I’d rather forget came flooding back.

The last day of summer vacation, in my room, with Sendai-san.

I held my breath and then exhaled slowly as the memories poured out.

It was always like this whenever I let my guard down.

The other day, when I ordered her to lick my finger, she hadn’t done it normally. There was something different in the way she did it, as if there had been a deeper meaning to it.

I tried to push Sendai-san’s head away from my knee, but instead of backing off, she sucked on it and gently bit down.

Back during summer break, it didn’t seem wrong to do these things with Sendai-san. It felt natural at the time, but now, I realized it wasn’t something we should be doing anymore.

I was wrong to think it was okay to let her keep going like this.

These feelings I had for her weren’t right.

Her lips moved slightly above my knee.

「Sendai-san, stop. That’s enough.」

My voice wasn’t loud, but in the quiet corner of the room, there was no way she couldn’t hear me.

But instead of stopping, she lifted my skirt just enough to expose the skin of my thighs. Her lips pressed against the inside of them, leaving warm traces on the skin that should’ve felt cold in this chilly room.

The faint sound of kissing reached my ears.

―― We can’t go any further than this.

As Sendai-san’s hand started to slide further up my skirt, I tried to push her head away.

Looking at what was happening, I realized how bad this must have looked. Sendai-san’s head was between my legs, and my skirt was so disheveled that no one should ever see me like this. What made it worse was that I was the only one left in this embarrassing state. I felt like I could come up with a dozen, maybe twenty things to complain about, but for now, I shoved Sendai-san’s head away and quickly straightened my skirt.

「I never said you could do that.」

I had ordered her to lick my feet plenty of times in the past, but she’d never gone this far.

I glared at Sendai-san, who had the nerve to act like nothing was wrong.

「What do you mean? I only licked your foot like you told me to.」

「Yeah, but what you did just now wasn’t licking.」

「Oh, really? So what about this?」

Sendai-san lifted my skirt slightly and brushed her tongue against my knee. Caught off guard, I flinched. I felt the wet sensation creeping closer to my thigh, so I quickly shoved her away by the forehead.

「Quit it. That’s not even my foot.」

「No, but isn’t your knee part of your leg? And your foot’s part of your leg too, right?[1]」

「That doesn’t make it the same.」

「So where exactly does the leg begin and end, then?」

As she said this, Sendai-san slid her hand down to my calf and started tracing her fingers along it until I slapped her hand away.

「Okay, we’re done here, so stop pondering what makes a leg a leg. Now, move.」

I shoved her back again, and this time she moved away, looking a bit let down. But after only a moment, she grabbed my foot again.

「Let me help you put your socks back on.」

「I can do it myself.」

「Even though they’re way over here?」

I glanced over at the pair of indoor shoes Sendai-san had taken off, with my socks still stuffed inside them. They were right next to her, and definitely not in a spot I could easily reach from where I was sitting.

「Give them back to me.」

「I said I’d help you put them back on, so just sit still.」

With my foot still in her grasp, even if I wanted to stand up, I couldn’t. Without her letting go, I had no choice but to stay seated, unable to reach for my socks or put them on by myself.

No matter how much I disliked it, I had to let her do it.

She gently ran her fingers over the top of my foot.

Her fingers brushed my skin just enough to tickle before Sendai-san slid my socks on, so effortlessly it was clear her hands were used to doing this.

I hated how easily she could do something like this.

This wasn’t normal, yet Sendai-san accepted it as if it were, getting used to it like it was just part of her routine. The fact that I’d become a part of her daily life like this made me feel uneasy.

But Sendai-san didn’t seem to care what I was thinking.

She slipped my indoor shoes back on like it was the most ordinary thing in the world, and then pressed a kiss against my knee.

「I thought I told you not to do that.」

「I’ll keep that in mind next time.」

Sendai-san said, showing no signs of remorse or any intention of being more careful.

If I stayed seated, who knew what might happen next. I stood up, patting down my blazer even though she hadn’t touched it. Sendai-san stood up too, brushing dust off her skirt, then said,

「So, about our trade. I get to touch you now, right?」

She said, as if entitled to it.

「Fine, but you’re not allowed to kiss me or take off any part of my uniform. Not even a button.」

「Isn’t it unfair to add extra conditions now?」

「Not at all. You’re always quick to try something weird, so I need to set limits. Besides, you promised not to do anything that’d upset me, didn’t you?」

This was my way of punishing her for going too far earlier.

―― At least, that’s what I told myself. Really, it was to make sure she didn’t push the limits and turn it into something more. Even if she was only planning to touch me, I doubted it would stop there, considering her past behavior.

「That’s true. But like I said, I won’t do anything to upset you.」

Her voice was as soft as the wind rustling the leaves, and she smiled. But it was the same smile she always wore at school, which only made me trust her less.

「Seriously, don’t do anything weird.」

I said, trying to reinforce it one more time, and she responded, sounding a bit dissatisfied.

「Do you really not trust me that much?」

「You should reflect on what you did earlier.」

「I already did, don’t worry.」

I was still a little uneasy, but even though Sendai-san sometimes went too far, she always kept her promises. So, I figured I should keep mine too.

I watched her take one step, then another closer to me.

Not knowing what she was about to do, my body tensed up.

Sendai-san came as close as she usually did when we kissed, and I instinctively stepped back, bumping my foot into the chair.

A loud clang echoed as she grabbed my arm and pulled me into an embrace.

「What’s this supposed to be?」

I muttered, confused. We were even closer than when we kissed.

「I think most people would call this a “hug.”」

I understood what it was, but with how close we were, I couldn’t help but ask. It was my first time being held like this, and in this cold room, my body felt strangely warm and light.

My heart started racing too.

It thudded so loudly that I was sure even Sendai-san could hear it.

「Please stop telling me to “stay here.”」

She suddenly said something I hadn’t expected.

「What are you talking about?」

I had a vague idea of what she meant, but I asked anyway. Her arms tightened around me.

「I’m saying I want to be able to have meals with you even when we’re in university.」

I wondered what kind of face she was making right now.

With both arms around me, I couldn’t move to see her expression.

All I could rely on was her voice next to my ear, but it was flat, making it hard to gauge her emotions. I couldn’t even imagine what she looked like.

「You don’t get to decide my future for me, Sendai-san.」

I answered softly, and she quietly replied,

「Even now, we eat together at your house, right? Don’t you think it’d be nice to share a meal together now and then, even after we graduate?」

Without acknowledging my attempt to reject her, she kept talking about what she wanted after graduation.

I didn’t know how to respond to her like this.

The future she mentioned did sound nice, though.

Eating with Sendai-san always made the food taste better than when I ate alone, and just having her beside me, even in silence, felt comforting. I couldn’t help but think it’d be dull not seeing her anymore after we graduated.

But still, I didn’t have the confidence to fully trust what Sendai-san was saying. Even now, I couldn’t see her face, and her voice gave no clues about her feelings. How could I possibly believe she truly wanted to keep sharing meals with me after we graduated?

Her voice echoed softly in my ear.

I tried to pull away from her embrace before any daydreams about a future together could form, but her arms stayed tightly wrapped around my back.

「Can’t we stay like this a little longer?」

「Come on, it’s fine, isn’t it?」

「Just say it’s okay… Shiori.」

Her whisper was accompanied by something soft brushing against my ear.

I felt them press firmly, tickling me, so I pushed her away with all my strength.

「Don’t call me by my name.」

Like tape slowly peeling from paper, she pulled herself off me, and I wiped my ear.

「Considering what you made me do, don’t you think that was too short?」

Sendai-san asked, sounding disgruntled as she looked at me.

She should’ve known the extra conditions left her with very few options, so there was no reason for her to complain. Plus, kissing my ear was already pushing the “no kissing” boundary.

Besides, being in her arms like that had felt just like――

I sighed, as if to let the thought slip away, and reached for my bag.

「If I keep following your orders, will you let me touch you again?」

The more time I spent with Sendai-san, the more natural it felt to have her by my side. Sharing meals, staying together after graduation—it all felt like a routine that could continue, with me giving her orders as always.

But deep down, I couldn’t see it happening.

「You say that, but you’ll still come to this room if I ask, right?」

「I won’t, so don’t even bother asking.」

Her response was so casual that I doubted she even heard me. Then, she grabbed my hand.

「What are you doing?」

「We’re going home together, right?」

「While holding hands like this?」

「Come on, I’m obviously joking.」

Sendai-san smiled as she let go of my hand.

「How long should I wait?」

「I have a feeling you’d come running after me, so, no.」

I doubted she’d actually run after me.

But I just needed a little time alone. Too much had happened in such a short time, and my already jumbled thoughts were only getting worse.

I turned my back to Sendai-san as I left the music preparation room.

Walking down the hall, my footsteps echoed, and I glanced back.

As expected, her silhouette wasn’t there.

I left the old school building and headed toward the entrance. It wasn’t like the school was completely empty, but the hallways were so quiet, it felt as though no one else was around. If it had been dark, I might have been scared enough to run, but since it was still light out, I walked quickly to the lockers without passing anyone on the way.

I switched my shoes and stepped outside, shivering as the cold wind hit me. I glanced back over my shoulder.

Sendai-san wasn’t there.

Of course she wasn’t. I’d told her to wait ten minutes before coming, and Sendai-san was just keeping that promise. If not, she would’ve been walking beside me right now since we were both heading in the same direction.

I had asked Sendai-san to come over today. If we walked home together, we could’ve passed the time together, but we agreed not to interact at school.

The air wasn’t cold enough to see my breath, but it lacked any warmth, making it feel even chillier than last year.

It felt colder without Sendai-san here.

―― No, that wasn’t it.

Sure, being close to Sendai-san in the music preparation room made it warmer, but that was just because of the presence of another person. It would’ve felt warm even if it wasn’t Sendai-san, and now it was cold outside simply because it was cold—not because she wasn’t here.

I faced forward again.

If I stayed any longer, she’d catch up to me.

Her sudden hug, and how she rejected my words when I told her to “stay here”—I was curious about it all, but there wasn’t time to dwell on it. If I thought too deeply, I’d just end up overanalyzing every little thing she did.

I passed through the school gates and headed home, walking fast enough not to get out of breath.

As I went, I passed by a lot of people and walked by several stores until I stopped in front of the supermarket I usually visited a few times a week.

Right, there’s nothing left in the fridge.

With nothing stocked, that meant no frozen food, no ready-made meals, not even instant noodles.

Unless Sendai-san did something ridiculous like running all the way to my place, I had enough time to pick up a few things.

I walked into the supermarket and grabbed a basket.

I tossed some cabbages, potatoes, pre-made curry and stew, and a few frozen items into my basket. After hesitating for a moment, I added pork, chicken, and curry roux before heading to the cashier.

The bags felt heavier than usual as I walked outside, and twenty minutes had passed since I’d left.

I checked my phone and saw a few messages from Sendai-san, who had already arrived at my place before me.

I started to reply but decided against it.

After everything that happened today, it would probably be better if she just went home.

I should have told her not to come at all today, instead of asking her to wait ten minutes before leaving the music preparation room. I wasn’t sure how to face her after what she’d done.

I swung my bags lightly, filled with things I normally wouldn’t buy, as I walked. The weight slowed me down.

Dragging my feet, I made my way back home. When I reached the entrance, the lights of my apartment building came into view, and I heard a familiar, disgruntled voice.

「You left ten minutes ahead of me, so how come you’re late? Did you even check your phone?」

I turned toward the voice and saw Sendai-san, standing by the wall. I wouldn’t have been surprised if she wasn’t there. The tip of her nose was a little red, and I realized I had made her wait outside long enough for the cold to get to her—even though she was usually the one who complained about being too warm.

「Of course I did. You were the one who told me to come ten minutes later, so I’d be surprised if you were just ignoring me. It’s freezing today—you shouldn’t have taken any detours.」

“If it was that cold, you should’ve just gone home.”

For a moment, I considered saying it, but instead, I held up the bags I was carrying.

「What? Are you telling me to carry your bags for you?」

「These are the ingredients I want you to use to make us dinner.」

I said, as I pushed the bags into Sendai-san’s hands and unlocked the entrance of the building.

「Am I making us dinner tonight?」

「Yeah, it’s an order.」

Hearing something she couldn’t argue with, Sendai-san mumbled, “I see,” and started walking. We rode the elevator up to the sixth floor together, but she didn’t try to hold my hand or say anything. After taking off our shoes at the entrance, we headed straight to the kitchen.

I turned on the lights and air conditioner while she started putting everything away. It wasn’t awkward, but there was nothing to say either. She was acting like she hadn’t just hugged me in the music preparation room earlier.

She was always like this—pretending like nothing was wrong whenever something happened. Normally, it’d bother me, but I was grateful for it today. It would’ve been more uncomfortable if she’d treated it like something had happened.

When she finished putting everything away, I handed her a five-thousand-yen bill.

「What if I said I didn’t need this?」

Sendai-san looked at the five-thousand-yen bill as if she were seeing it for the first time. But by now, this exchange had become a kind of ritual for us. Our relationship wouldn’t feel right unless she accepted the bill. If she started making dinner without taking it, it wouldn’t be an order anymore. Worse, she might think I was influenced by what she said earlier about us eating together after graduation.

That wasn’t why I wanted someone else to make dinner tonight.

I just wanted to eat something made by someone else for a change—there was no deeper reason.

「If you’d rather go home, you don’t have to take it.」

I started to take the five-thousand-yen bill away, but Sendai-san grabbed it from my hand before I could.

「Thanks. So, you want me to make dinner tonight?」

Sendai-san asked as she stuffed the bill in her wallet.

「Do you want to eat first and study after?」

「Alright, so what do you want me to make?」

I replied casually, and Sendai-san, who had been staring into the fridge, turned her gaze to me.

「You’re leaving it up to me, huh? You were the one who bought all these ingredients. Did you not have something in mind?」

「Just make whatever you want. I don’t know how to cook, so I just bought random stuff.」

「You really didn’t think this through, did you?」

「Like I said, I didn’t know what to buy.」

I answered honestly, and Sendai-san let out a groan, closing the refrigerator door as she stood up.

「I’m not that good at cooking. I can’t just whip something up with a random mix of ingredients.」

「Well, we could just heat those up instead.」

I pointed at the instant and pre-made food on the table.

「I guess we could, but… then it wouldn’t count as me making dinner anymore. How about curry? We’ve got potatoes and meat. No onions or carrots, but it should be fine.」

Since I was the one giving the orders in the first place, it would’ve been fine to just go with instant food, but Sendai-san was strangely stubborn about these things. I didn’t mind this side of her, but it could be a pain sometimes.

If she were more laid-back, she wouldn’t try to meddle in my future like she had been. It would save me from thinking about unnecessary things.

「I’ll leave it to you, then.」

There were a lot of things I wanted to say, but for now, I decided to let her handle dinner. I left the kitchen area and sat at the counter, watching her from the living room.

Once she made up her mind, there was no point in saying anything more.

Even before I said I’d leave it to her, Sendai-san was already washing the potatoes and had set out a pot and knives.

When she’d said, “I want us to share meals together,” I doubt she meant she’d be the one making them, but seeing her cook wasn’t unpleasant. There was a sense of ease, knowing there was someone else in the house besides me.

It felt even better knowing that that “someone” was Sendai-san, and I couldn’t help but wish these moments could turn into a regular routine. But this routine could easily vanish one day if she decided she didn’t want it anymore.

Even if she liked the way things were today, there was no guarantee she’d feel the same tomorrow.

Thinking about it like that made me feel a little down.

Looking at her now, it seemed like she was just accommodating me, much like how she’d always bought magazines she didn’t care for just to have something to talk about with Ibaraki-san. There was no benefit for her in being with me, and it just made more sense to think of it that way.

While she stir-fried the potatoes she had already peeled and chopped, I asked her a question.

「… Sendai-san, are you really not going to stay?」

It wasn’t something I needed to gather my courage to ask, but it still felt difficult. My mouth struggled to form the words, and my voice caught in my throat. It must’ve sounded like I’d asked something more important than I meant it to, and I regretted it as soon as it left my lips.

Sendai-san didn’t answer.

I hadn’t said it that quietly, but she continued cooking the curry.

I didn’t want to force her to respond, so I decided to drop it.

As I rested my forehead against the counter, I heard her voice.

「Does that mean you want me to stay?」

「I’m the one asking you here.」

I lifted my head and saw her holding a cabbage, preparing to make a salad.

「I’m not going to apply to any local universities.」

The vague question I’d asked was met with the clear answer I’d already known. I’d expected it, but I couldn’t help complaining after she’d spent all that effort trying to change my mind.

「… If you’re just trying to live alone, you could still do that here.」

「But I don’t want to do it here.」

She replied curtly as she chopped the cabbage. Then, in a voice barely audible over the chopping, she added,

「How many more months do we have left to share meals like this again?」

She asked, as if deliberately.

「Figure it out yourself.」

「The graduation ceremony is at the beginning of March, and we don’t really have to go to school in February, so I guess we’ve got until December or January?」

The graduation ceremony wasn’t that close yet.

Even so, the thought of Sendai-san not coming over after February made me too sad to even want to eat what she was cooking. The apartment would feel cold and empty, but it wasn’t just that. It was starting to feel like she belonged by my side. Her presence had become so routine that it would be strange not to have her around.

If I’d known it would come to this, part of me wished something had happened that day during summer break. Though I’d convinced myself we shouldn’t be doing things like that, if things had gone differently, maybe I wouldn’t be overthinking telling Sendai-san that I wanted to apply to the same university as Maika.

But the reality was, nothing happened between us.

I still had no idea what I’d do about my future. I didn’t even know if I’d get accepted or not, and I kept thinking I could just figure it out if I did.

This place, though, held too many memories of Sendai-san, and it made me want to leave.

That was the only decision I wouldn’t change.