[1]. First, we had the sports festival, and now we have the cultural festival. These are held sometime either in October or November. Basically, it’s a school event where students display their learning and skills. As educational as it sounds, it’s mostly a recreational event. For elementary, middle, and high schoolers, each classroom must come up with an activity they wish to show off together and they must handle most of the organization and logistics themselves. Clubs can choose to participate as well (this one applies to university students too).

Usually, in anime or manga, you’ll see classrooms doing maid cafes or crossdressing cafes or plays or food stalls and the whatnot. It’s essentially a time for the students to have fun together, especially since campuses are generally open to all sorts of visitors during the cultural festival.

[1]. Konpeito is a Japanese rock candy that is basically made out of a lot of sugar. Seriously, it’s basically just crystallized sugar. But it’s small, and our poor Sendai here is simply trying to convince herself her feelings are just as tiny.

[1]. If you recall, all the way back in part 30, Miyagi and Sendai wore different uniforms depending on the season. Well, it’s autumn in the story now, so they’re changing them again! In the winter, many schools will have their students wearing blazers to keep warm, and during the summer, students are to wear their short-sleeved blouses and dress-shirts without needing any outerwear. But for the milder seasons that have less extreme temperature shifts like spring and autumn, they’ll usually have long-sleeved shirts on and they can choose if they want to wear a sweater vest or not. However, some schools have might have their own dress codes or requirements.

So, the students are now wearing what you call “合服 (aifuku),” which are clothes to be worn during spring and autumn. I translated it as “autumn uniform,” but just know that it’s usually the same clothes that are worn during the spring as well.

And on that note, because Miyagi and Sendai are third years and the Japanese school system has them graduating in the spring, they won’t get another opportunity to wear their summer clothes anymore.

[1]. In the original Japanese, Sendai actually says: 世の中には臨機応変という便利な言葉がある, which directly translates to, “There was a handy saying for times like this: playing it by the ear.” Let’s dissect this from the beginning.

In both Japanese and Chinese (Korean is really similar to both these languages, but I don’t know a lick of Korean, so I apologize if this applies to it as well and I just excluded it), they have these things called 四字熟語 (yojijukugo), which means “four-character idioms.” As the name suggests, these are idioms that are written with four characters only.

The idiom Sendai uses here is 臨機応変 (rinki ouhen). It means “to play it by ear,” which essentially means “to be flexible” with things or circumstances. Adapting, improvising (but not so much overcoming), being able to change, etc. In this case, Sendai is only pointing this out because she thinks Miyagi is the complete opposite – too inflexible. She’s trying to convey that the rules should be flexible, and “as long as no one finds out about us, who cares if we do this or that?”

[2].In the Japanese calendar (which used to be based on the Chinese lunar calendar), each of the twelve months have a common Japanese name (which are used today), and a traditional Japanese name. January was called Mutsuki, while February was Kisaragi, March was Yayoi, April was Uzuki, May was Satsuki, and so on (you can find out the rest in the Wikipedia link). There are other ways of writing “Hazuki” in Japanese that aren’t written the same way as our lovely Sendai Hazuki’s, but 葉月 does seem to be the most common, and it directly translates to “month of leaves.”

[3].This one is a minor/trivia footnote. I do not know if this is the same case in English… but there’s a slight difference between “necklaces” and “pendants” in Japanese. Now, I personally think of just the charms that dangle on necklaces as pendants, and anything that’s a chain to be worn around the neck as necklaces. Well, the very small difference in Japanese is that you can call anything with a chain + a charm as “pendants.” Anything that is “V” shaped around your neck is generally considered a pendant, while… anything else is a necklace. But pendants are also a type of necklace. In any case, jewellers will know what you’re talking about if you tell them you’re looking for a “pendant,” but they’ll also understand if you’re calling a “pendant” a “necklace.”

[1]. In several cultures (including Japanese culture), there’s a widely believed superstition that if you sneeze, it means that someone is talking about you. Sometimes, depending on how many times you sneeze, you can figure out what that person is saying about you (e.g. if it’s something positive or negative).

[1]. 自由登校 (jiyuu toukou), which directly translates to “free attendance,” is a period of time where attendance for classes is optional, primarily reserved for third year students in their final school term. This is so that students can focus solely on preparing for their entrance exams instead of needing to attend their classes. There are supplementary classes that still get held during this time, but attendance for these classes is optional and will not affect the students’ grade or record.

[1]. In Japanese, 足 (“ashi”/foot) and 脚 (“ashi”/leg) have the same reading and sound the same when spoken aloud, and both refer to body parts that are in close proximity to each other. In the original text, Sendai actually says something like, “Technically, her knee was still a part of her leg (foot),” alluding to this.

Also, 足 (foot) can also mean leg itself, but 脚 (leg) will never mean “foot.”

To be more clear, in the beginning of the chapter, Miyagi’s foot is too close to the floor for Sendai’s tongue to reach without bending down. The order Miyagi gave to Sendai was to lick her foot (“ashi”), but all Sendai can reach with her hands bound together is her leg (also “ashi”). Out of spite, Sendai licks Miyagi’s knee while thinking she’s technically in the right because her leg is also an “ashi”.

Anyway, I wasn’t able to come up with anything that could convey this properly, so please accept my apology in the form of this footnote.