We were in my room after school, just like always.

But for some reason, Sendai-san hadn’t undone the second button on her blouse today. I wanted our after-school time to feel just like usual, but seeing her acting differently made me uneasy.

I knew it was obviously because of what happened over summer break, but this was already the second time she’d come over since the new semester began. By now, I felt like she should’ve started acting like her usual self again.

Seeing her so self-conscious affected me too, and even after all this time, I still couldn’t bring myself to sit next to Sendai-san.

That single button might’ve seemed trivial, but it was enough to keep me from focusing on my homework—not that I really wanted to do it anyway. I was only using it as a distraction from the little things that were bothering me. But if I couldn’t even concentrate on the textbook in front of me, there was no point in trying at all.

「What are you going to order me to do today?」

Hearing a voice call out to me from across the table, I raised my head.

Sendai-san’s notebook, which was normally filled with answers to her homework, looked the same as it had a while ago—mostly blank, with little writing since the last time I checked.

I gave Sendai-san an order, hoping it would make her stop acting differently and return to her usual self.

「The button on your blouse.」

「You’re such a pervert, Miyagi.」

She responded with something I hadn’t expected. Was asking her to undo one button on her blouse really that big of a deal? It wasn’t like I was going to do it for her, so it felt like she was overreacting.

But seeing how she wasn’t unbuttoning anything, I realized that my words might not have been conveyed correctly.

「I didn’t mean it like that.」

「I wasn’t asking you to undo all of them. Besides, aren’t you the one who’s being perverted for assuming that’s what I meant?」

「I never said that’s what I thought you meant.」

「You didn’t say it, but I bet that’s what you were thinking.」

“That’s true,” she admitted after I pressed her on it.

「So then, how many did you want me to unbutton?」

「You’re fine with just one?」

Sendai-san stared at me as she asked, as if seeking confirmation from me.

‘It’s not like you’d do it even if I told you to unbutton two.’

The third button was more of a wildcard—sometimes it was okay to ask her to undo it, and other times, it wasn’t. I wasn’t sure what the situation was today, but it wasn’t as if I actually wanted her to unbutton it. Even if I did, it’s not like she would have been willing to, anyway.

「I don’t know how many you want to unbutton, Sendai-san, but it’s alright if you keep the rest fastened.」

「I see. That’s fine, then.」

Sendai-san said as she undid one button on her blouse.

「Is this okay with you?」

Sendai-san, who always kept her second button fastened at school, had now unbuttoned it in my room, just like she usually did. Yet, the unease lingered. Something still felt off—different from how things were before summer break.

I wasn’t trying to stare, but I couldn’t look away. My eyes were fixed on her, as if searching for what had changed.

Sendai-san asked with a suspicious tone in her voice.

She was reacting the same way she usually did.

It was unsettling not being able to pinpoint what exactly was making me uneasy.

「Do you want me to do your hair for you again?」

Sendai-san’s words broke the silence and brought me to a sudden realization.

Come to think of it, Sendai-san usually had her hair down during summer break…

I was used to seeing Sendai-san with her hair braided when she wore her school uniform, but since she often left it unbraided during the break, my memories of her felt slightly distorted.

「No, but you should let your hair down, Sendai-san.」

「No reason. But it’s not like letting your hair down is that hard, right?」

“I guess you’re right,” Sendai-san replied as she untied her hair.

Perhaps it was because her hair was usually braided, but her slightly wavy, brown hair—darker than mine—wasn’t as straight as it had been during summer vacation. Still, it was enough to reconcile the image I had of her now.

「And lastly… just act like you always do.」

I had nothing else I wanted to order her to do, so I simply left the rest up to Sendai-san.

「What do you mean “act like I always do”?」

「I don’t know, just talk about something.」

「Does that mean I can talk about anything I want?」

To be honest, I had asked Sendai-san to come over without having any specific order in mind to give her.

But I couldn’t just tell her that. If she found out, it would only make her suspicious. Even if I thought of giving her a random order, I hesitated, knowing it could easily lead to a repeat of what happened on the last day of summer break. I knew I could simply avoid calling Sendai-san over if I didn’t have any orders for her, but that was something I wanted to save as a last resort.

As long as it fulfilled the order quota, I didn’t really care what Sendai-san wanted to talk about.

Sendai-san groaned, clearly struggling to come up with something to talk about. After a brief pause, she finally said,

「Which universities are you applying to? Don’t tell me you’re still undecided.」

I frowned as soon as Sendai-san brought up a topic I wasn’t eager to discuss. Maybe she mentioned it precisely because she knew I didn’t want to talk about it.

「You’re the one who told me to find something to talk about, so you should at least give me an answer.」

It was a little awkward for me since I’d chosen a random school on a whim, but it wasn’t as if I was trying to hide my plans. Besides, even if I stayed quiet now, she’d find out eventually.

Slightly regretting that I hadn’t been more specific with the conversation topics, I replied that I was planning to attend a local university.

「What about you, Sendai-san?」

I didn’t really want to know, but if I didn’t ask, there’d be nothing left to talk about.

「I’m planning on going to a university outside of the prefecture.」

Sendai-san replied, adding the name of the university afterward.

「Wait, are you serious?」

The university Sendai-san mentioned wasn’t one that could be entered just by being smart. To my knowledge, no one from our high school had ever been admitted, and I doubted Sendai-san would be the first.

「Nope, I was just kidding. Well, I was aiming for it at one point, but I knew it was impossible.」

Sendai-san responded with a smile.

「But you were aiming for it.」

「It was never going to happen.」

I thought she might be joking, but since she didn’t deny it, she was likely serious about aiming for that university. I didn’t understand why she was targeting that particular school, but considering she was still attending prep classes diligently, there was a chance she was still interested in going for it.

「You’re the only one I’ve told about this, Miyagi. Keep it a secret.」

「I won’t tell anyone. It’s not like I have anyone else to tell anyway.」

Still, I found this a bit troubling.

We already had plenty of secrets between us; I didn’t need any more. The more secrets we accumulated, the heavier they became, making it harder for me to move forward. It was starting to feel like I couldn’t go anywhere without Sendai-san being around.

「So then, what university are you actually planning to apply to?」

I asked, hoping to lighten the weight of the new secret we had just created. Sendai-san then mentioned the name of another university outside the prefecture. This time, it was a school she had a good chance of getting into, which made me realize there was some truth to what she had said earlier.

Given her grades, her choice made sense and was what I had expected, but hearing her say the name of a university outside the prefecture out loud left me with an uneasy feeling.

Though I was uneasy about the new secret I shared with Sendai-san, what was consuming my thoughts now was her choice of university. It was gnawing at my mind and leaving me with a lingering sense of discomfort.

「Hey, Miyagi. Why don’t you apply to the same university as me?」

Sendai-san casually suggested something that seemed impossible for someone like me. Considering my grades, getting into that school was no easy feat.

「You say it like it’s so easy. We both know it’s impossible for me.」

「I don’t really want to go out of my way to apply for a school that I know I can’t get into.」

「You won’t know unless you try, right? Just make sure you have a backup school and it’ll be fine. You’ve been studying a lot more lately too, so I think if you pushed yourself a little more, you’ll actually have a decent chance of getting in.」

「There’s no reason for us to go to the same school, is there?」

「That’s true, but I still think if you’re able to, you might as well try and get into a good school.」

「That’s not happening.」

I didn’t want to put in the effort into applying for a good university.

Besides, this relationship of ours would end as soon as we graduated from high school.

There was no point in us attending the same university.

Sendai-san should’ve known that too.

The fact that she was planning to apply to a university outside our prefecture was also none of my business.

It was absolutely and definitely none of my concern whatsoever.

「We’re moving on from this topic. I have another order for you.」

I didn’t have any other orders in mind, but I wanted to steer the conversation away from this pointless discussion about our futures, so I quickly came up with something.

「Yeah, so listen up.」

「I’ll do whatever you tell me to.」

Sendai-san replied, not bothering to hide the expression on her face that looked like she still had more she wanted to say.

Let me think… What’s a harmless order I can give her?

I shut my textbook, racking my brain for ideas.

If I didn’t come up with something quickly, Sendai-san would bring up more pointless topics.

I averted my gaze from Sendai-san, who was sitting in front of me, and searched my room for inspiration. My eyes moved from the bed to the dresser, before finally settling on something from the bookshelf.

「Anything that’s seems boring.」

「Really? Not the opposite?」

「I want something that’s boring enough to put me to sleep.」

「Oh, that’s what you’re going for.」

Realizing she was being used as a substitute for a lullaby, Sendai-san got up, walked over to the bookshelf, and, without any hesitation, picked out a book before sitting down next to the bed.

The light novel Sendai-san was holding was one I bought because she mentioned liking the main character, but I found the story uninteresting and never finished it.

「Yeah, read that one.」

I gave Sendai-san an order as I took a seat on my bed.

Her slender fingers opened the book that had been collecting dust on my bookshelf.

Sendai-san was seated next to my pillow with her legs crossed, allowing me to see her side profile.

Then, the room was filled with the sound of pages turning and Sendai-san’s voice as she read the story out loud.

I’d given her this order many times before, and Sendai-san read the light novel smoothly, just as she always did. Her voice was neither too loud nor too quiet—it was perfect for the room. Her soft voice sounded much gentler here than it did in the classroom, and I found it very pleasant to listen to.

The way Sendai-san read the light novel made it feel like we were back to the time before summer break started.

I didn’t know what she found so interesting about the light novel, but normally, I’d be lying down and fast asleep by now. However, today I couldn’t fall asleep. I didn’t even feel like lying down.

It wasn’t Sendai-san’s fault, though.

It was my own problem.

Once we graduate, I won’t be able to hear her voice anymore.

Even though I was the one who set a strict deadline for our arrangement, Sendai-san was going to a place farther than I had expected, and I suddenly started to worry about every little thing.

I knew it meant we wouldn’t run into each other by chance anymore, but at the same time, I couldn’t quite understand it.

「Weren’t you going to sleep?」

The dull story came to an abrupt halt, and somehow, the conversation shifted to why I wasn’t lying down.

「Yeah, so keep going.」

I rested my head on the bed, feeling no hint of sleepiness, as Sendai-san’s hand reached out toward me. Without hesitation, she began to stroke my hair. I pushed her hand away.

Sendai-san didn’t reply but continued the story from where she had left off.

The sound of her clear voice tickled my ears.

I didn’t feel like sleeping, so I kept my eyes open and stared at Sendai-san instead.

Her beautiful, long hair fell across her face, which I found to be obstructive.

I was starting to think maybe I shouldn’t have ordered her to put her hair down.

I moved to the edge of the bed towards Sendai-san, and her voice started to sound much closer.

My gaze was fixated on the buttons of her blouse.

I could only catch a glimpse of her collarbone now, though I had seen more of her skin before.

On a day hotter than today during summer break, I had asked Sendai-san to take off her clothes, and she had done so without hesitation.

But from now on, we wouldn’t be doing things like that anymore, and I’d never see her body again.

I reached out to Sendai-san and pulled on her hair.

The thought of going to university seemed far more boring than the story being read to me.

「What were you looking at?」

I expected her to complain that it hurt, but instead, she said something completely different.

「I was just looking at you since you’re sitting right in front of me.」

My straightforward reply might’ve sounded suspicious to her, but she didn’t seem to have anything else to say. She placed the light novel on the bed, turned to face me, and let out a small sigh before starting to tug on my bangs.

「Close your eyes already. You said you were going to sleep, weren’t you?」

Sendai-san covered my eyes with her hand.

The room that had been bright a moment ago suddenly went dark, and I couldn’t see anything.

I grabbed her hand and pulled it away from my eyes.

Sendai-san was now directly in front of me.

I didn’t mean for it to happen, but our eyes met.

The distance between us was even smaller than before.

I quickly let go of the hand I was holding, and in doing so, I accidentally knocked the light novel off the bed and onto the floor. The book fell with a thud, but Sendai-san didn’t make any move to pick it up.

「Back away a little bit, Sendai-san.」

「But weren’t you the one who tried to move closer first?」

She was right. I was the first one to try and get closer to her.

I’ll admit that much.

But I don’t remember us ever getting this close.

It felt like Sendai-san was peering right at me.

「Even if that’s true, you’re inching closer to me too, aren’t you, Sendai-san?」

「You definitely are. You don’t need to be this close to read the book to me.」

I said as I pushed Sendai-san away by her shoulders, but she didn’t seem to listen.

Instead, she reached her hand out and touched my earlobe.

She caressed it gently, then pinched it and tugged on it.

Her fingertips slid behind my ear, making it feel extremely ticklish.

Sendai-san’s hand kept touching me gently, as if to remind me of what happened over summer break, causing me to swat her arm away.

Sendai-san looked surprised for a moment, but quickly apologized. Then, she sat back down on the floor.

I said as I sat up and pointed to the book on the floor, and Sendai-san obediently picked it up. She opened it and flipped through the pages, stopping where she had presumably left off.

「I’ll read you the rest.」

Sendai-san said with a monotone voice.

「You don’t have to read it anymore.」

「I thought you were going to sleep?」

「No, I’m not going to.」

It was more like I couldn’t fall asleep even if I wanted to, but there was no reason to tell her that. I took the book from Sendai-san’s hand and placed it on the pillow.

My homework was still unfinished, but I didn’t feel like getting out of bed. Even though she was now empty-handed, Sendai-san didn’t seem interested in moving to the table, either.

Since the order had come to a half-hearted and abrupt end, the room fell silent. It was an awkward silence, and I felt restless, unable to sit still. Desperate to do something, I began tapping my fingertips on the book.

That was the only sound echoing in the room.

Sendai-san leaned against the bed, using it like a backrest.

From where I sat on the bed, I could see the top of Sendai-san’s head, which I usually wouldn’t be able to see. Just as I was about to reach out and touch her, Sendai-san suddenly said, “Oh, right,” as if she had just remembered something.

「Has your class decided what they’re doing for the cultural festival[1] yet, Miyagi?」

She began discussing a school event coming up next month, and I seized the opportunity to keep the conversation going.

「Nope. What about your class, Sendai-san?」

「My class doesn’t seem very motivated, so we’re thinking of putting together some sort of exhibit and calling it a day.」

The conversation she suddenly started was much better than sitting in silence, so I wanted to keep it going.

If I had known we could have such a calm and pleasant conversation earlier, I would have wished we’d started it sooner. Talking about this was far better than discussing something as stressful as the entrance exams. Even though there was still a bit of awkwardness, we were gradually returning to our usual way of interacting.

「Is it different for your class, Miyagi?」

「Well, since it’s everyone’s last high school cultural festival, they seem eager to do something memorable.」

Personally, I thought it was kind of a pain.

About half of my classmates were enthusiastic and brainstorming ideas for the festival, while the other half seemed content with a more laid-back approach. However, since those who are most vocal often steer the conversation and make the decisions, no one was willing to voice any complaints.

「Does that include you, Miyagi?」

「Not really. I’d prefer doing something simple.」

「If you want something nice and easy, you should join my class.」

Sendai-san turned around and said with a grin.

“It would’ve been nice if we were in the same class.”

Seeing the smile on her face nearly made me say it out loud, but I managed to catch myself.

「I think it’s about time we finished our homework.」

Sendai-san said as she glanced over at the table.

「I don’t feel like doing it.」

「In that case, do you want me to go back to reading the book to you?」

「… Never mind, homework it is.」

「Alright, then come over here.」

「I would’ve moved even if you hadn’t told me to.」

I said as I got off the bed and sat across from Sendai-san.

Sendai-san had brought up the topic of going to university once right before the start of summer vacation. I had already expected that she wanted to attend a university outside the prefecture.

What she said the other day simply confirmed what I already knew, but I couldn’t help feeling shocked nonetheless.

More accurately, what I found most shocking was that it was still bothering me, even though it was something I had already expected to hear.

I could guess why Sendai-san wanted to attend a university outside the prefecture. It likely had something to do with what I saw when I visited her house during summer vacation.

She wanted to get away from home.

At least, that’s what I think.

If my guess is right, then there wasn’t anything I could do to change Sendai-san’s mind.

It wasn’t that I wanted to change Sendai-san’s career path, and even if I did, there was no point in trying. Our relationship would end as soon as we graduated from high school. Besides, her career choice was hers to make—it wasn’t something I had any say in.

Even though I knew all that, I hadn’t moved an inch since Sendai-san went home earlier. I’d been sitting in the same spot where she had been before she left.

We didn’t have dinner together today, so I hadn’t eaten yet.

I slowly got up, grabbed a change of clothes, and headed for the bathroom. I felt that taking a long bath would lead to more unnecessary thoughts, so I decided to take a quick shower before heading to bed.

At this rate, I’d have no trouble getting into the university I wanted to apply to. I wasn’t good enough to attend the same university as Sendai-san, but since I wasn’t aiming for a prestigious school anyway, it wasn’t an issue for me.

Sendai-san was way too concerned with my business and tried to interfere too much.

Earlier, she had casually suggested that we apply to the same university, even though she didn’t know my grades. While I was confident my father would agree to let me attend a university outside the prefecture, my current grades made it clear that I had no chance of getting in. Even with the studying I did over summer vacation, it would be far too difficult. I’d bet that if Sendai-san saw my scores on the upcoming midterm exams, she’d agree with me.

It’d be a waste of time to apply to a university I knew I couldn’t get into.

「Ugh, why am I even thinking so seriously about this?」

After tossing and turning for a while, I turned off the lights.

My father still hadn’t come home yet.

I couldn’t help but feel a little uneasy whenever all the lights in the apartment were out.

‘I’m not scared,’ I thought to myself as I closed my eyes.

I wasn’t sleepy at all, probably because I went to bed much earlier than usual. Still, I closed my eyes, hoping I could fall asleep anyway.

One sheep, two sheep.

I tried the age-old method of counting sheep, but sleepiness never came. In the end, I only managed to doze off briefly late into the night, and without getting a proper night’s rest, it was already time for school.

I entered the classroom while my sleep-deprived mind was still in a daze.

Even an hour into class, my head still felt foggy, and I couldn’t retain anything the teacher was saying. Before I knew it, third period had ended, and Maika was calling out to me.

「Our next class is in the audiovisual room.」

I quickly grabbed my textbook and notebook and stood up. Before I could double-check that I had everything, Ami took hold of my arm and pulled me out of the classroom and down the hallway.

I wasn’t the type to go to bed or wake up early, but I usually slept at a reasonable time. It wasn’t normal for me to feel this groggy and sleep-deprived, having my mornings ruined like this.

It was all Sendai-san’s fault that I couldn’t pull myself together.

Her talking as if she could decide my future for me was what made me so tired and unable to focus in class.

It was so irritating.

To vent my frustration, I stomped down the hallway, but the sound of my footsteps helped clear my foggy mind. After shaking off some of the haze, I started walking briskly again when I heard Ami call out to me.

「Shiori, look in front of you.」

Maika pulled me aside by the arm, causing my body to tilt slightly.

I shifted my focus from my feet to what was directly in front of me.

I made eye contact with Sendai-san.

… Wait, no, it’s not weird to see her here.

Since we went to the same school, running into Sendai-san wasn’t unusual, but it was the first time we had ever made eye contact while at school.

While I was preoccupied with being surprised by both the obvious and the unexpected, I suddenly realized I had bumped into Sendai-san, who had been diagonally in front of me.

It was more than just a bump—it actually hurt because our shoulders collided. Since Maika was still holding my arm after pulling me away earlier, she managed to keep me from falling.

「Are you okay, Shiori?」

Maika asked as she helped me regain my balance.

I replied as I adjusted my posture.

When I looked back at Sendai-san, I saw that Ibaraki-san and her other friends had joined the scene.

「You alright, Hazuki?」

I couldn’t take my eyes off Ibaraki-san, who was having a conversation with Sendai-san similar to the one Maika and I were having.

―― The spot next to Sendai-san belongs to me.

The thought briefly crossed my mind, but I immediately tried to brush it away as I heard a familiar voice calling out to me.

「I’m sorry. Are you okay?」

Sendai-san stared at me and asked with an aloof tone.

We weren’t allowed to act too familiar with each other.

I knew that, but I wasn’t good at dealing with her when she was like this.

I turned my gaze away from Sendai-san.

「… Yeah, I’m fine. I’m sorry as well. I was spacing out.」

If blame had to be assigned between the two of us, it was probably my fault.

Even though I was looking right in front of me, I wasn’t watching where I was going.

Maika and Ami had repeatedly warned me to pay attention while walking, but I was so distracted that I didn’t notice. Though, if I had to pinpoint the reason for my distraction, it was all because of Sendai-san, but I couldn’t say that.

「Are you okay as well?」

I asked, repeating the words that had been said many times in the past few minutes, but for some reason, I couldn’t bring myself to say Sendai-san’s name out loud.

「Yeah, I’m good. I’ll help you pick those up.」

Sendai-san said as she picked up a textbook that had fallen on the floor. Watching her do this made me realize I no longer had my textbook or notebook in my hands.

「Sorry. I’ll pick them up myself.」

I squatted down to pick up my notebook, but as I reached for my pencil case, Sendai-san grabbed my wrist.

「I’ll get it for you.」

Sendai-san said in a gentle tone.

But she wouldn’t let go of my wrist.

She was holding onto it so tightly that it was starting to hurt.

「No, I’ll get it myself.」

If we were in my room, I would’ve demanded she let go. But since we were at school, I tried to handle it more politely.

The hand that had been gripping my wrist tightly finally released its hold.

「Did you get everything?」

Sendai-san asked as she gave my textbook back to me.

「Yeah, I did. Thanks.」

「Don’t worry about it.」

Sendai-san flashed a doll-like smile before walking away. She quickly vanished from view, leaving only the sound of Ibaraki-san’s voice echoing down the hallway.

I brushed the dirt off my textbook, notebook, and pencil case before calling out to Maika and Ami.

「―― Did you do something to upset Sendai-san?」

Maika tapped me on the shoulder and asked with a curious look on her face.

「She was staring you down and grabbing you by the wrist. Are you sure you didn’t upset her?」

「Isn’t it just because I walked right into her? It did hurt quite a bit.」

I couldn’t imagine that Sendai-san was staring me that hard.

It did hurt when she gripped my wrist, but it hadn’t left a mark.

I couldn’t understand why Sendai-san had done that, though.

I glanced at my wrist where she had grabbed me.

It looked exactly the same as it did before I bumped into Sendai-san.

I sighed, wishing that there had been something left behind that wouldn’t fade away.