I glanced at the exam papers scattered on my desk.

The results weren’t too bad.

In fact, they had improved.

Still, I doubted they were enough to get me into the same university as Sendai-san. I’d agreed to let her, who was supposed to arrive any minute now, see my scores, but she’d probably think the same.

The university she had set her sights on was already far beyond my reach. A bit of extra effort wouldn’t bridge the gap, so these scores felt like what I deserved.

There was no reason to feel down about it, and it didn’t bother me much. My mood was a bit dampened, though. Probably because of the awful weather outside.

I glanced out the window.

The rain that started earlier in the afternoon was still coming down.

The sky was dark, casting a gloomy air.

Sendai-san had told me she would be running a bit late today, so she hadn’t shown up yet.

To pass the time, I picked up my phone and started flipping through a digital pamphlet of some university.

I sighed as I scrolled through the pages.

It wasn’t even for the school I wanted to attend, but for Maika’s. By now, I had gone through it so many times that I was very familiar with what was written in it.

It wasn’t as hard to get into as the university Sendai-san was aiming for, but if it had been just a little while ago, my teachers would’ve discouraged me from even considering it. Now, though, it was a school I didn’t want to give up on without at least trying to apply. Plus, it was really close to the university Sendai-san was trying to get into.

I still had time to apply.

It’s not like I had to only apply to local schools.

I kept flipping through the pamphlet, reaching the last page before closing it. Looking at it wasn’t going to change anything, but I decided to open the pamphlet for the university Sendai-san was aiming for. I had read it over several times before, and nothing in it was going to be different today, so I skimmed through a few pages before closing it halfway.

I put my phone back on my desk.

I pulled out one of the two erasers sitting in my pencil case—the one Sendai-san had gone out of her way to return to me at school.

The number of memories I had with Sendai-san had grown, and some of them became things I would look back on.

The necklace that wasn’t in my hands anymore that I had given her before our midterm exams was another thing that would become a memory.

―― Not that any of this was a good thing.

What happened that day was etched in my mind. It wasn’t something I’d ever turn into an anniversary, but it was an event that would stay with me for a long time.

If memories were to be left behind, they should stay with Sendai-san alone.

But if something was significant enough to stay in her memory, it would stick with me too. Whether or not there were physical reminders, traces of Sendai-san were steadily growing within me. Even a single eraser had been imbued with her presence.

I hadn’t meant to collect this many memories of her, but somehow, I kept doing things that made it happen. I wished I could get rid of the part of me that wasted time on things like browsing pamphlets for schools I couldn’t even hope to attend.

I shouldn’t have called Sendai-san over today.

I let out a sigh, knowing it was too late to change that now, just as the intercom rang.

I already knew who it was without needing to check.

I returned the eraser to my pencil case and picked up the intercom, unlocking the door. Not long after, Sendai-san entered my room.

「It’s really cold today.」

Sendai-san, who was usually more sensitive to heat, said as she sneezed.

「Is it still raining hard?」

「No, it’s just a light drizzle now.」

「Your shoulders are wet. Here, hand me your blazer.」

I reached out, and she handed me her damp blazer before unbuttoning the second button of her blouse. I noticed the necklace she was wearing.

I felt the urge to touch the silver accessory, but instead, I took her blazer and hung it on a hanger before heading to the kitchen.

I opened the fridge and glanced at the kettle.

Once I made sure there was hot water, I grabbed a tea bag from the shelf and brewed some black tea. Afterward, I poured myself some soda from the fridge and went back to my room, where Sendai-san was sitting in her usual spot.

I set the cups down on the table.

「If you want soda, I can give you soda instead.」

「No, black tea’s fine. Thanks.」

Turning my back to Sendai-san, who seemed to be in a good mood, I reached for my exam papers on the desk. I didn’t really want to show them to her, but since I’d promised, I placed the papers on the table, along with a five-thousand-yen bill.

Sendai-san, who had been sipping her black tea, put down her cup and thanked me as she put the money away. Then, she picked up my exam papers.

「You’re letting me see your results?」

「Weren’t you the one who wanted to see them, Sendai-san?」

「Yeah, but I didn’t think you’d actually show me.」

「If you’re not going to look, then give them back.」

I reached my hand out, but she didn’t return my exam results, nor did she say a word.

Sendai-san simply stared at the papers in silence.

「Are you not going to say anything?」

「I thought you were the one who didn’t want me to say anything.」

She wasn’t wrong, but it was uncomfortable seeing her quietly look over my scores. It’d be frustrating if she picked apart each question, pointing out where I went wrong, but her silence made me anxious.

「At least say something.」

「I don’t know what your old scores were like, but this is a huge improvement, right?」

「Does this make you want to put more effort into studying?」

「No. I think I’ll have no problems getting into a university, so this is good enough for me.」

I said as I snatched my test results away from Sendai-san.

「Do you want to see mine?」

「I don’t care about your scores. More importantly, let me see the necklace.」

I tugged on her uniform as she reached for her bag.

「You know, when an accessory has a charm hanging from it, it’s actually called a “pendant.”」

「Does that really matter?」

「Not really. I guess it just comes down to personal preference.」

Sendai-san shrugged before glancing over at me.

「Well, go ahead, look all you want.」

Her voice sounded indifferent, but that was fine since she was still following my orders.

I reached out and touched the third button on her blouse, unsure if I was allowed to undo it.

At first, Sendai-san grabbed my arm, but she quickly let go.

Maybe that was her way of saying it was okay to unbutton it.

I wanted a better look at the necklace, so I undid the button. Her chest wasn’t too exposed, but I could see her undergarments. There was no way she’d let me touch that, so I focused on the necklace.

We had already returned the neckties we exchanged with each other.

She promised to keep wearing the necklace until graduation.

I gave the chain a gentle tug.

「Miyagi, you’re being too rough.」

「You talk too much, Sendai-san. Be a bit quieter.」

I traced the chain with my fingers.

This necklace was just a way to make our relationship easier to understand.

Lately, Sendai-san had been acting too selfishly.

She asked me to meet her at school and then forced kisses on me.

She kept trying to do things I hadn’t ordered her to do.

I didn’t mind kissing Sendai-san, but I didn’t like that she wanted to do it even though we were at school. Sendai-san was supposed to follow my orders, not make requests just because she wanted something. If there was anything we wanted to do, there needed to be a price for it, and I was the only one allowed to pay it.

By making her wear the necklace I gave her, I needed to make sure she understood that I was the only one allowed to give orders, and she had no choice but to obey me.

I didn’t know how effective a deadline set for graduation would be, but as long as she gave me her time for the next few months, that was enough.

During that time, there was no need for her to listen to Ibaraki-san or anyone else.

The only person Sendai-san needed to focus on was me, and I was the only one allowed to touch her.

「Are you satisfied now?」

As if tired of the silence, Sendai-san poked my forehead while I was still touching the necklace.

「Go ahead and button yourself up.」

「Not interested in any trades today?」

She had asked the same thing last time, when I called her over two days before our midterm exams.

Seeing she wasn’t in a rush to button up, I asked,

「Do I sound like I want to make a trade?」

「I thought you might be up for one.」

「I’m not. Now button up.」

I had no idea if Sendai-san was being serious about what she said. It felt like she was about to brush off her words as a joke and pretend it never happened.

Last time she was here, right before our midterms started, she had mentioned feeling like she was going to lose her mind, but that seemed like it was just a joke too. To begin with, there was nothing about me that could possibly make her lose her mind.

Besides, just a little while ago, Sendai-san seemed very much in control of herself.

She had always seemed like she wanted to kiss me, but she’d never been this insistent before.

「Miyagi, let’s make another trade today.」

I refused, fully aware of what she was after.

I didn’t mind being kissed, but I was starting to hate that I felt that way at all. Kissing was fine as long as I was the one giving the orders, but I didn’t want to do it because I knew she’d probably say something like, “You want to kiss me so badly that you’re ordering me to.”

If we kissed too much, I felt like she’d eventually grow tired of it.

I fastened the third button on Sendai-san’s blouse for her and gave her an order that was different from what she wanted.

「What happened to studying?」

「I’ll study after you finish reading to me.」

Without offering her usual responses like, “Got it,” or, “Sure, sure,” Sendai-san silently stood up and moved toward the bookshelf.

「What do you want me to read you?」

「Pick something that you like, Sendai-san.」

「Something that I like, huh.」

She muttered before letting out a quiet sneeze.

「Are you coming down with a cold?」

「Just rumors about me going around, I guess.[1]」

Sendai-san replied indifferently as she came back with a manga volume in hand.

My usual message was met with an unexpected refusal.

Because of that, I found myself retracing the directions to Sendai-san’s house in my memory.

『I caught a cold and took the day off from school, so I can’t make it today.』

We were in different classes, so I wouldn’t have known this on my own. I replied with, “Got it,” but my thoughts drifted back to how she’d been sneezing when we last saw each other.

If those sneezes on that rainy day were a sign of her catching something, she might have been out of school for a few days by now. I didn’t really care how long she was absent, but since she’d never missed school before, I started to wonder if she was okay.

Besides, being stuck in bed at home seemed rough for her, especially given the tension with her family. I wasn’t sure what was worse—being in a difficult household like that or being left at home alone—but neither option seemed very pleasant.

I knew visiting her wouldn’t actually change anything, but I could at least bring her some food and something to drink. Whether those would be of any use, I wasn’t sure, but it was better than nothing at all.

I’d known Sendai-san for more than a year now, so going to check on her wasn’t out of place. Besides, I was a human with a heart, too—caring about someone wasn’t anything unusual. There wasn’t anything weird about this.

Recalling the path we’d once walked together, I headed toward her house.

I could clearly remember the words we’d exchanged, but the route itself was blurry. I hadn’t been to her house even once since then, so it made sense.

Still, I was pretty sure I knew where to go.

On the way to Sendai-san’s house, I stopped by a convenience store.

I couldn’t remember it clearly, but this was probably the same as the one we stopped by last time.

I grabbed a plastic bottle of tea and some yogurt, tossing them into a shopping basket.

Maybe I should get her some forehead patches, too.

After a moment of hesitation, I added a pack of cooling patches for her forehead. Given the way things were between her and her mother, it seemed like a good idea.

Once I paid for everything, I left the convenience store.

Since I hadn’t told her I was coming, there was a chance I wouldn’t get to see her even if I visited. But I kept walking, and after about five minutes, I arrived at a familiar house.

Standing at her front door, a sudden pang of regret hit me.

I couldn’t exactly text someone that was sick and ask them to come outside, so the only way to enter was to ring the intercom.

Considering the time, her father was likely at work, and maybe her mother as well. But chances were her mother, who I didn’t have a very good impression of, would be the one to answer the door. The odds of Sendai-san coming herself were pretty slim.

Maybe I should just leave.

I stared at the shopping bag while standing there. Taking a deep breath in, I exhaled.

I decided to ring the doorbell once, and if no one came, I would go home.

I placed my index finger on the button and pressed it.

The doorbell rang for a moment, then silence followed.

Her parents were probably at work, and Sendai-san was likely home alone.

I guess I’ll head back, then.

Just as I turned my back to the front door, a woman’s voice came through the intercom—one that didn’t belong to Sendai-san. It was the first time I’d heard this voice, but I was certain it was her mother.

Hearing it made me want to turn around and leave immediately. But as a high schooler, I couldn’t just ring a doorbell and run away. Stumbling over my words, I told her I was here to check up on Sendai-san. Her mother, whom I had only seen once during summer break, opened the front door. In an emotionless voice, she told me to come inside. I thanked her and headed up towards Sendai-san’s room.

I climbed the stairs and stopped in front of one of two doors that stood side by side.

I raised my hand to knock but hesitated.

Coming here was quickly becoming my biggest regret of the year.

For some reason, I found myself standing at her door without even letting her know I was coming. Sendai-san might get upset that I showed up without permission, and she might not even let me into her room.

I shouldn’t have pressed the button on the intercom. Thinking it would be best to leave the convenience store bag behind, I hooked it onto her doorknob. But because I was so nervous, the plastic bottle inside hit the door with a loud thud. The noise startled me, and before I could figure out what to do, the door opened.

「… Huh? What are you doing here, Miyagi?」

Sendai-san stepped out of her room, dressed in her pajamas, even though I hadn’t called her to come out.

「I was just about to leave.」

I turned my back to her as I spoke.

「Wait, what’s going on?」

「It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.」

I answered without turning around. I started heading down the stairs, but Sendai-san grabbed the hem of my uniform, tugging at me weakly. Likely due to her cold, her grip wasn’t strong, but I felt bad pulling away from someone who was sick, so I stopped.

「Even if you tell me not to worry, it’s too strange to ignore. There’s no way you’d come all the way to my house if it was nothing, right? Also, wait, what’s this? Were you the one who brought this, Miyagi?」

Sendai-san asked, pointing at the shopping bag hanging from the doorknob.

「That’s for you, Sendai-san.」

「… Thanks. But if you were the one who brought this bag, does that mean you came all the way here just to check up on me?」

「So, you came to see me anyway? Even though that’s not the reason?」

That was why I came, but I didn’t want to say it, so I stayed quiet. The hallway fell silent, and after a moment, Sendai-san let out a tired sigh.

「Well, just come in for now.」

While still gripping my uniform, Sendai-san took the shopping bag off the door handle. I had no choice but to accept her invitation, so with my uniform held hostage, I dragged my reluctant feet into her room.

When I looked around, I saw a bookshelf, bed, and a desk. It was as tidy as before. Her room hadn’t changed much since I’d last been here during summer break, but there was a piggy bank on the dresser that hadn’t been there before. It looked like the kind meant to store hundreds of thousands of yen in five-hundred yen coins.

When I glanced at Sendai-san, I saw she wasn’t wearing any makeup today. Her hair was down without its usual braid.

But she was still wearing the necklace.

And though I didn’t know if she had any at home, she didn’t seem to be using any cooling patches for her forehead.

「You can sit over there, Miyagi. I’ll bring you something to drink.」

「There’s food and something to drink in the bag I brought.」

I told her as she placed the convenience store bag beside her bed and checked inside.

「Still, let me bring something for you to have.」

I tried to stop her before she left the room.

「I don’t need anything. You should rest since you’re sick. I’ll leave soon.」

「I can go right now if you want.」

Perhaps worried that I’d leave while she was out of the room, Sendai-san sat down on her bed.

「I’ve already slept too much, so I don’t think I can sleep anymore. How about you keep me entertained with some conversation?」

「There’s nothing for us to talk about.」

「We don’t have to talk, then. Just stay with me a little longer.」

Her voice sounded the same, but seeing her in pajamas and without makeup made it clear she was sick, and I’d feel bad leaving her like this.

「How’s your temperature?」

「I’m still a bit feverish.」

「You should cool your head down. I brought something you can use in that bag.」

I said, pointing at the shopping bag with the cooling patches while sitting a bit away from her bed.

「Put it on for me, Miyagi.」

「Just do it yourself. You might be sick, but you can handle that much, can’t you?」

「Aren’t you a little too cold to someone who’s sick?」

「You still have a fever, so me being cold is perfect for you, don’t you think?」

Even though I hadn’t clearly said I came to check on her, that’s exactly what I was doing. But I didn’t see why I should go out of my way to be nice about it.

「You could at least listen to me for today, can’t you?」

Sendai-san said as she tossed the box of cooling patches at me.

「You put it on for me. Since I’m sick and all.」

Sendai-san said, as if she was entitled to it.

Usually, I would’ve tossed the box of cooling patches back at her and forced her to handle it herself. I wanted to do the same today, but it was just as she said—she was sick. That made it harder for me to act as I normally would.

This was throwing me off.

I wished she could sound a little more energetic. Her voice was hoarse, making it clear she wasn’t well. Plus, since I was the one who asked about her temperature, being cold toward her didn’t feel right.

I picked up the box and got closer to the bed.

「You can sit here if you want.」

Sendai-san said, patting the spot beside her on the edge of the bed.

I wasn’t worried about catching her cold, but I couldn’t help but recall the last time I sat here during summer break. That day, she’d licked my feet without me ordering her to. I knew that wouldn’t happen again, but it was enough to make me hesitate.

「Miyagi, come sit down.」

As I thought about what to do, her tone shifted from gentle to more demanding.

I could apply the cooling patch without sitting at all, but something told me she’d get angry if I didn’t follow her request. It seemed like she was trying to make the most of her illness today.

Left without another choice, I sat a little away from her and opened the box.

「Okay, I’ll put it on right now, so turn and face me.」

When I showed her the cooling patch I had taken from the box, she obediently turned to face me. Yet, she didn’t expose her forehead. As I reached out to brush her bangs aside, she grabbed my hand.

The warmth of her hand was enough to remind me that she had a fever, and I flinched. She tugged on my hand firmly, causing the cooling patch to fall onto the bed.

The space between us shrank until our lips met.

Just like the warmth of her hand, her lips felt hotter than usual. Without hesitation, she slipped the tip of her tongue into my mouth.

It felt slick, but more than anything, it burned with heat, leaving me no choice but to accept it. Her warm tongue explored my mouth, almost as though it was trying to entwine itself around mine.

Sendai-san’s temperature was so high, I couldn’t muster the strength to bite her, push her away, or even complain. The heat of her hand, her lips, and her soft tongue left me unable to escape.

I wanted to pull away.

But I couldn’t say I hated it.

The heat left me unable to think clearly anymore.

I had no intention of moving my tongue in response, but I didn’t feel the need to push her away either. The feeling of our lips pressed together was so good that I lost track of how long we’d been kissing.

With my sense of time slipping away, my mind became filled with nothing but Sendai-san.

I couldn’t breathe properly, and it was starting to feel suffocating.

When I pulled my hand free to grip her pajamas, she slowly began to pull away from the kiss. Just as I was instinctively about to pull her closer by the pajamas, I couldn’t help but complain, as if to cover up my feelings.

「… That wasn’t supposed to be an invitation for a kiss.」

「But you’re the one who came closer, Miyagi.」

「I didn’t even try to move closer to you. Look, you made me drop the cooling patch. Don’t do anything like that again. That kiss felt gross.」

I felt so foolish for going along with her just because she was sick.

If I treated her more kindly, things like this would probably happen all the time.

I didn’t hate it enough to make a big deal out of it, but I didn’t want her to kiss me again.

「Can’t you say things a little more nicely? That hurt.」

「No, and if you’re bothered by what I said, then don’t pull something like that again.」

「… Are you mad at me?」

I didn’t think I sounded that upset, but today there was a hint of nervousness in her voice, even though I usually spoke to her like I was in a bad mood.

Maybe the fever was making her more sensitive than usual.

This was seriously throwing me off.

Hearing her ask that made me feel like I’d done something wrong.

I said the kiss was gross, but that wasn’t really true. I was already used to her kissing me like that. Still, I probably went too far talking to her this way when she was sick. While I wasn’t going to take back my words, I decided to answer her honestly.

「I’m not mad, but I’m not exactly in a good mood either.」

「Then let me offer you something in return. Give me an order.」

「What are you even saying? I’m not doing that.」

「Do I seem like the type of person who’d order a sick person around?」

I did want to give her an order, but I wasn’t heartless enough to make someone who was sick follow it. Compared to Sendai-san, who seemed like she was trying to make the most out of her being sick today, I was a relatively normal human being, so I figured it wouldn’t hurt to just listen to her a little today.

「I wouldn’t mind if you were that kind of person, though.」

「Stop saying weird things and go to sleep already.」

I gave Sendai-san a gentle push on the shoulders, but instead of lying down, she coughed.

「See? Your cold’s getting worse. Now, go to sleep.」

Sendai-san said, coughing again.

「If your cold’s so bad that you’re coughing this much, you shouldn’t be trying to kiss me. If I get sick, it’s going to be on you, Sendai-san.」

「I kissed you because I want you to catch my cold, so I hope you do get sick.」

She tugged on my uniform sleeve as she said something outrageous.

「That’s awful. I hate getting sick and being stuck at home alone with nothing to do but sleep.」

Usually, I didn’t understand what went through her mind, but today, with her fever, she was even more incomprehensible. Normal people wouldn’t go around saying they wanted to infect others with their illness, and she’d never said anything this ridiculous before.

「I’ll take care of you, don’t worry.」

「You don’t need to do that.」

「Oh, what if I stayed over at your place to take care of you?」

「Absolutely not. Who knows what you’d do if I let you. Now go to sleep already.」

It didn’t seem like she had any intention of listening to me today.

I didn’t like how insistent she was about taking care of me, and I definitely didn’t want her staying over. While I doubted she’d actually go through with it, it was best to brush it off before a joke like that spiraled into something worse.

「Miyagi, you’re just going to leave once I fall asleep, aren’t you?」

Sendai-san asked, her voice unusually sulky.

I swallowed the sigh that almost escaped me.

I couldn’t be too harsh today. Who knew taking care of sick people could be such a hassle?

「I think I’m being plenty nice by staying until you fall asleep.」

「You could be a little nicer to someone who’s sick, though.」

「You want me to be even nicer than I’ve already been?」

「Then stop doing things that are unnecessary.」

「It’s not like you’d be nicer even if I didn’t, right?」

I thought I’d been more than kind to Sendai-san, even though she’d done something I didn’t want her to do. But telling her that wouldn’t change anything, so I picked up the cooling patch I dropped earlier, grabbed the yogurt I’d bought, and handed it to her.

「Here. Just be quiet and eat this.」

She took the yogurt, peeled the lid off, and took a few bites.

「Stay with me a little longer, Miyagi. I’ll get better faster if you’re here.」

「I’m not some kind of medicine, you know.」

「Then stop being ridiculous and go to sleep when you’re done eating.」

「I told you, I slept too much today.」

「I will if you give me a kiss, Miyagi.」

She paused, her hand still holding the yogurt.

Leaving the spoon in the container, she gently brushed my lips with her fingertip.

Sendai-san’s body temperature hadn’t changed.

It was still as hot as before.

But the warmth from her fingertip felt comforting. Craving more of her touch, I grabbed the finger that rested on my lips and leaned closer to her. A small sigh escaped me.

「Stop getting carried away, Sendai-san. You don’t have to sleep, but at least lie down.」

I took the yogurt from her hands and set it on the table.

She asked for a kiss like it was the most natural thing, and it made me forget for a second that wasn’t the reason why I was here.

I pulled out another cooling patch from the box and placed it on her forehead as she frowned slightly.

「It’d be a problem if it wasn’t.」

「Well, yeah, of course.」

「Anyway, if you’re not going to sleep, I’m heading home.」

I spoke in a tone not quite as chilly as the cooling patch, and Sendai-san thought for a second before saying, “In that case…”

Something about her pause made me uneasy.

Still, I asked, “What now?”

Quietly, she replied,

「I’ll sleep if you give me your hand.」

「Fine. I can do that.」

This request was a lot easier to handle than a kiss, so I agreed to it. Satisfied with my answer, Sendai-san laid down and held out her hand, urging me to give her mine. I placed my hand on top of hers.

「Is holding hands really that enjoyable for you?」

I asked as I held her warm hand, and she squeezed back.

Sendai-san answered as she slowly closed her eyes.