I couldn’t tell if Miyagi had made up her mind or just given up on deciding, but one thing was clear: she didn’t run away.

Even after I let go of her arm, she remained standing in front of me.

I had only asked her to meet me in the music preparation room because I wanted to have a talk after watching her enjoy the cultural festival without me. I never had any intention of kissing her.

She’d waited for me throughout the two days of the festival.

That might not have been entirely accurate, but I never could’ve imagined that Miyagi would ever say anything that suggested she had. And because of that, what should’ve been a brief conversation had spiraled into something much more.

It was all Miyagi’s fault for saying something so unexpected like that.

I never thought she’d remember something I had said half-jokingly, and I certainly didn’t expect her to react the way she did. That was probably why I was getting so carried away now.

I gently called her name as I caressed her cheek. Miyagi looked a little displeased, but she didn’t pull away. I took it as a sign she wasn’t against what I was about to do and slowly leaned in. Although she didn’t move, her expression seemed like she wanted to complain.

「How about you close your eyes?」

「I don’t need you to tell me that.」

Her voice carried a hint of dissatisfaction, and I could tell she wasn’t planning on closing her eyes obediently. That was usually the case with her, so I pressed my palm against her cheek. Miyagi kept staring at me, showing no desire to shut her eyes. It was hard to picture her as someone about to be kissed.

But it wasn’t like we had the kind of relationship where we needed to care about the mood between us.

I had no choice but to close my eyes first as I leaned in, pressing my lips against hers.

It felt just like the kisses we shared over summer break.

I was used to her softness and warmth, but something felt different this time—it was my heart. Maybe it was because we were at school, but my heartbeat was so loud it startled me. Unable to take it any longer, I broke away after a brief kiss, only for her to grab my arm.

I turned my gaze to the hand that clutched my arm tightly, but not with enough force to make me want to pull away. When I looked into Miyagi’s eyes, it seemed like she wanted to bite me, but she didn’t act on it. She didn’t seem like she fully accepted me, but she wasn’t rejecting me either. If Miyagi really wanted to bite me, she would’ve done so already.

So then, the reason why she’s grabbing me must be because…

I lowered my gaze and stared at the hand that was holding my arm.

「Miyagi, that hurts.」

Even though she had to have heard me, she refused to let go of my arm. Instead, her grip tightened further, her nails digging into my skin.

When I looked at Miyagi, she wore a disgruntled expression on her face.

Let me try getting closer again.

Miyagi wasn’t saying anything or moving at all.

But when I tried to back away, she yanked on my arm.

I didn’t dislike the way Miyagi tried to keep me close with these small gestures.

I asked, even though I already knew the answer. Miyagi didn’t say anything or nod; instead, she tugged on my arm, as if urging me to continue.

I didn’t want to say it out loud because it’d be troublesome if she ran away, but I found her reaction cute.

I slowly leaned in, bringing our faces closer together. This time, Miyagi was the first to close her eyes as our lips met.

My heart continued to race loudly and quickly.

I had kissed Miyagi countless times before, enough that I was used to it by now.

But what I was feeling right now was probably nervousness.

Our lips had only been gently pressed together, with no force or tongue, yet the heat was intense. When I held Miyagi by the shoulders, the warmth spread to my hands. As more of her body brushed against mine, my heart raced wildly, refusing to calm down, and it felt almost suffocating.

I didn’t want to break away yet, but as our lips parted, Miyagi continued to hold onto me. However, her grip was light, so it didn’t hurt.

After a moment’s hesitation about whether to kiss her again, I decided to press my lips against hers more firmly than before.

Miyagi made no attempt to run away, and I could feel my heart starting to settle down a little.

Not wanting to separate from Miyagi, I kissed her longer than I had the first or second time.

Miyagi was closer to me than anyone else had ever been.

Where our bodies touched, our warmth blended together.

Everything felt unbelievably good.

Wanting to feel more of Miyagi’s warmth, I brushed her lips with the tip of my tongue, but unsurprisingly, she shoved me away by my shoulders. I backed up three steps with little resistance, and Miyagi opened her mouth to speak.

「I never said you could kiss me like that.」

「Like the way you just did.」

「I won’t know unless you tell me directly.」

「If you can’t figure it out, then don’t kiss me at all.」

At times like this, Miyagi tended to be vague with her words. I found this endearing, but my curiosity about how she’d react if I pressed her further often led me to say more than I should, which made her snap back at me.

This happened a lot, and while I didn’t want to spoil the mood any further, I couldn’t help wanting to see her reactions just a bit more.

「So you’re saying it’s okay as long as I don’t do that again?」

I took two steps closer to her and leaned in, expecting her to get angry at me, but all she did was respond with a displeased tone.

「It’s only been about a month since then. You should really learn how to endure it a bit more.」

She was probably referring to the last day of summer vacation. We hadn’t kissed once since that day.

「So, does that mean you’ve been enduring it too, Miyagi? Are you saying you actually wanted to kiss?」

I knew I was being a little mean, but I was interested in seeing what sort of reaction I’d get.

「Stop twisting my words. Do you think it’s funny to say things like that all the time?」

「You’re the worst, Sendai-san.」

“I wanted to kiss you.”

I knew Miyagi would never say something like that, but a part of me had secretly hoped she would.

It’d be a problem if something like what happened over summer break occurred again.

We can’t keep doing this.

Those were the thoughts I used to have, but after kissing Miyagi again, I found it difficult to understand why I felt that way at all. Even the agreement we had started to seem pointless.

「It’s fine as long as all we’re doing is kissing, right? It’s not like it’s against our rules anymore.」

「In that case, how about we make a rule that says it’s okay?」

For the price of five-thousand-yen, I had to follow Miyagi’s orders.

I initially agreed to it just to pass the time, but it had spiraled into something much more. The rules we established in the beginning were becoming a nuisance, and Miyagi’s stubborn commitment to those rules was starting to annoy me.

There was a convenient word for situations like this: flexibility[1].

As long as no one found out, there was nothing wrong with us interacting at school or even kissing, and as long as no one knew about our relationship, then turning my suggestion into a rule shouldn’t be an issue at all.

「Are you that against kissing?」

「That’s an unfair way to put it.」

「That means you do want to kiss, so how about you just give in?」

「… Even if we keep doing this, it won’t matter since you’re just going to end up leaving anyway.」

「Let’s apply to the same university, then.」

「You should just stay here, Sendai-san.」

Hearing Miyagi say something I never thought she’d say, I couldn’t help but stare at her. Her lips were pressed tightly together.

I called out her name, but she didn’t reply.

Instead, she turned her gaze away. I reached out to touch her cheek, hoping to get her to look at me, but she coldly responded with,

I ignored what she said and rested my palm against her cheek. Normally, Miyagi would’ve pushed my hand away by now, but today, she didn’t.

「Give me my necktie back, Sendai-san.」

Miyagi said, her words reasonable enough to make me pull my hand away from her cheek. With no reason to resist, I did as she asked. I took my necktie off and handed it to her while she did the same.

Before she could say anything else, I wanted to tell her what to do with the other thing we had exchanged.

「You can keep my blouse, Miyagi. It’s not like I’ll get another chance to wear it anyway. Do you still want yours back?」

I told her I’d brought the blouse with me, though in reality, it wasn’t even in my bag. Even if she wanted it back right now, I couldn’t give it to her, but I doubted it would be an issue.

「You don’t have to give it back today.」

Her words were vague, but Miyagi was entrusting her blouse to me. Then, as if to steer the conversation elsewhere, she asked,

「Why did you ask me to come here today?」

「Because it’s been a while since we’ve seen each other. I just wanted to talk.」

Before the cultural festival began, Miyagi seemed completely uninterested in the event, yet when I saw her today, she looked like she was enjoying herself.

Miyagi seemed to be having fun even without me, and in the end, I couldn’t help but think she would’ve been annoyed if I’d gone to her class. Besides, even if I had visited, we wouldn’t be able to talk anyway. On top of that, while I enjoyed last year’s festival, this year’s just wasn’t the same. Even though I spent this year’s festival the same way as I did last year, something about it just felt off.

That was why I texted Miyagi.

I just didn’t want the cultural festival to end on such a dull note.

That was pretty much it.

「That was your idea of a talk?」

「Things might’ve gotten a bit out of hand, but we did talk, didn’t we?」

Sure, we did other things too, but we definitely talked.

Broadly speaking, it wasn’t wrong to say we had talked. Miyagi looked unhappy and began mumbling, “I guess, but…” though she didn’t seem interested in voicing the rest of her complaint to me.

「Shall we head home?」

I asked, stating it more like a decision than a question, and Miyagi nodded.

We hadn’t been here that long, but quite a bit of time had passed since the cultural festival ended. The sun had been setting earlier lately, so it must’ve been dark out by now.

「Do you want to leave first?」

I asked out of consideration for Miyagi, who probably didn’t want us to be seen together.

「… No, you go first, Sendai-san. I’ll follow you to the shoe lockers.」

「You’re going to follow me? But someone might see us together. Are you okay with that?」

「I’ll keep enough distance so that even if someone sees us, it won’t matter. And, well…」

Somehow, I could guess what she was going to say, but I still decided to ask her anyway, and she replied in a sulky voice.

「It’s scary being in the old school building.」

「Do you need me to hold your hand?」

「I don’t need you doing anything unnecessary. Just hurry up and go already. It’s getting dark.」

「Getting dark? It’s already dark, so how about you walk next to me?」

「No, absolutely not. Now get out into the hallway.」

Miyagi said with a frown on her face as she opened the door and shoved me out.

Left with no other choice, I started walking.

The sound of my footsteps echoed lightly, and soon I heard another set of footsteps following me.

When I turned to look at Miyagi, I felt more at ease than I had during the entire cultural festival.

Even though Miyagi had tried to stop me, in the end, I was the one who couldn’t hold back.

I didn’t need to be thinking clearly to know I’d been acting strange today.

It was absurd of me to call Miyagi out and then force a kiss on her.

But I didn’t regret it.

Besides, Miyagi didn’t run, so she was just as much at fault. We were no different, and I had no doubt she wanted to kiss me too.

―― Wow, what a ridiculous lie.

All Miyagi did was let me kiss her. I was the one who forced it on her. If I hadn’t done that, things wouldn’t have spiraled the way they did. I knew I was just fooling myself. I understood that perfectly well. Yet, the fact that I was still thinking about kissing her, even after everything that happened, made me feel like I deserved to sink to the bottom of hell.

I sighed so deeply it felt like I was deflating my brain. Even then, I kept sighing, as if I could empty my lungs completely, and collapsed onto my bed.

A short-sleeved blouse hung from a hanger on the wall of my room—it was Miyagi’s. It had been there for so long, it felt like part of the room now.

「I should put that away.」

I stood up and folded the blouse, shoving it into my drawer next to the long-sleeved shirt Miyagi had given me—or more accurately, forced on me. The things Miyagi had given me were gradually piling up, slowly taking over my room. Even the five-thousand yen bills tucked away in my piggy bank were from her. It felt like, even after graduation, plenty of traces of her would still be left behind.

I could’ve easily spent the five-thousand-yen bills and thrown the clothes I’d gotten from her away.

I knew those options were open to me, but I just couldn’t bring myself to do what anyone else in my shoes would’ve done.

I couldn’t even resist the urge to kiss her. Whenever it came to anything related to Miyagi, even the most trivial tasks felt insurmountable and often ended in disaster.

As yet another heavy sigh escaped me, I heard my phone chime from the desk.

‘It’s probably just Umina,’ I thought, and when I checked, sure enough, her messages lit up the screen. They were cheerful and lively, saying things like, “Today was fun!” and “We should check out other schools’ cultural festivals too!” Not in the mood to write a proper response, I quickly replied with, “I agree,” then tossed my phone onto the bed and sat down at my desk.

The timing wasn’t great, given that the cultural festival had just ended, but midterms were about to come up in less than two weeks. As long as nothing major came up, my grades were good enough for the school I was aiming for; I just needed to maintain them. Still, that didn’t mean I could afford to slack off in my studies.

I had no intention of changing my school of choice this late in the process.

But Miyagi’s words were bothering me.

“You should just stay here, Sendai-san.”

I could tell she was being serious, but it didn’t sound like something Miyagi would say. More importantly, those words carried too much weight to be said lightly.

But if I chose to stay here, my relationship with Miyagi might not have to end after graduation.

Or at least, that was what I wanted to believe, but I doubted it would turn out that way.

The thought of changing my university choice and staying here was something I had never considered, and I couldn’t imagine going through with it. There was no point in attending university if it meant being stuck at home. No matter which university I chose, my parents would support me until graduation, so I wanted to attend one far away enough to escape my current life.

Plus, even if I chose to stay here, I couldn’t picture a future where Miyagi walked alongside me.

Knowing her, she’d stubbornly cling to the rules and end our relationship the moment we graduated. And even if she didn’t enforce it, I could easily see her saying, “No, absolutely not,” if I tried to invite her to be by my side, just as she had done earlier today.

I held up my right hand, watching the light shine through it.

I had been half-serious when I asked Miyagi if she wanted to hold hands earlier.

‘If you’re scared, we can hold hands,’ was what I thought, but what I really wanted was to take Miyagi—who had been quietly trailing behind me—by the hand and walk side-by-side with her.

I clenched my fist that I had raised, then let it go.

Just a little over a month ago, I had no desire to hold Miyagi’s hand.

I certainly hadn’t wanted to on that day we bumped into each other at school.

Sure, there were moments I felt the urge to touch her, but that was the extent of it.

Today, though, felt different; today, I really wanted to hold Miyagi’s hand.

Ever since I met Miyagi, each day felt like I was letting go of a bit more of who I used to be. Because of this, I couldn’t help but feel disheartened, unsure of what tomorrow might hold.

The hand in front of me was just an ordinary hand, not much different from Miyagi’s. It might have been slightly larger due to my height, but otherwise, it was unremarkable. My hand hadn’t changed in the past month, yet now it longed to hold Miyagi’s. It felt as if, even if it were to detach from my body, it would somehow find its way to her.

If we were to think solely about the act of holding hands, I had no trouble doing so with Umina or Mariko. I could easily hold their hands whenever I wanted and for as long as I liked. I could probably hold hands with other people, too. In fact, I could hold hands with just about anyone, but there was only a limited number of people I wanted to hold hands with.

Whenever I heard the term ‘limited,’ like in ‘limited stock’ or ‘limited-time offer,’ I thought of it as something rare and exciting. But it’s a problem that everything in my life is becoming ‘limited’ to Miyagi; it restricts me too much.

The only time I could accept being restricted by Miyagi was whenever we were together after school.

That aside, considering we’d already kissed and came close to doing even more, it felt strange to suddenly want to hold hands, as if we were doing things backwards.

I lowered my hand and let out another sigh.

Holding hands wasn’t necessary—I could live without it.

What I couldn’t guarantee was that I wouldn’t kiss her again.

「This is all Miyagi’s fault.」

Today, I realized that if I told her I wanted to kiss her, Miyagi would let me, even if reluctantly. I was sure if I said it again, she’d allow it again. With that in mind, I couldn’t confidently say I wouldn’t repeat what happened today. Part of me even started thinking that if things were going to end at graduation anyway, there was no reason to keep forcing myself to hold back.

But I knew that no matter how much she insisted we weren’t friends, it didn’t mean I could just do whatever I wanted.

I must have lost one of the screws that held my rationality together somewhere in the music preparation room. But more troubling was that I had no intention of returning to look for it or replace it.

「Well, for now, I guess I should start studying for the exams.」

It didn’t how much time I spent thinking about Miyagi; I’d never figure out what the right relationship with her should be. Right now, it made more sense to focus on studying for the midterms, where every question had a right answer.

I needed something to occupy my mind anyway.

I opened my textbook and notebook on the desk, ignoring the notifications coming in from my phone on the bed as I kept my gaze fixed on the pages before me.

A week had passed since the cultural festival ended. I couldn’t say if it felt long or short, but it was definitely more than just a moment.

The next time Miyagi called for me was after the festival’s excitement had faded, and the school had shifted gears to prepare for midterms. I wasn’t sure how I’d have handled it if she’d reached out any sooner, so I was relieved she waited this long.

Maybe Miyagi was hesitant to see me, but the time apart helped me sit next to her now without losing my cool.

We hadn’t met at Miyagi’s place for some time due to our conflicting schedules, but her room still felt as comfortable as ever.

「Do you think you’ll do well on the midterms?」

I asked as I turned the pages in my textbook.

「I taught you a lot over summer break, didn’t I?」

「Yeah, but that doesn’t automatically mean I’ll do well on the esxams.」

「Well, I’m pretty sure your grades will go up at least.」

We might’ve done things over the summer that we could never admit to anyone, but more importantly, we spent plenty of time studying. It’d be strange and concerning if her grades didn’t improve, yet Miyagi hadn’t said anything like, “I feel like my grades will improve,” or, “I’m sure I’ll do fine on the exams.”

「Show me your results once midterms are over.」

I poked Miyagi’s arm with my pencil, as if to push her into agreeing.

「Why should I show you anything, Sendai-san? 」

「Come on, I tutored you through the summer. Of course I want to see how you did.」

「I guess you have a point.」

「I’ll show you mine too.」

「I don’t need to see them.」

「Fine, I won’t show you mine, but I still want to see yours.」

「Why do my grades even matter to you?」

Miyagi brushed me off, but if it didn’t matter, I wouldn’t have asked.

Knowing her grades would help me figure out which schools she’d likely get into—and more importantly, if she had a shot at the university I was aiming for. I had no plans of swaying her choices, but I still wanted to see her results.

「Look, I plan on tutoring part-time in university, so I just want to see how my teaching paid off.」

「That sounds like a lie.」

I’d planned on getting a part-time job once I started university, though I hadn’t fully committed to tutoring. It was still an option I was considering, so I wasn’t exactly lying.

「Let me see your results.」

I pushed again, and Miyagi answered with a sour tone.

「… I’ll let you see them as long as you don’t make any comments.」

「Like if my scores are low, or if I’ve made any mistakes.」

「I wouldn’t do that.」

「Fine, then I’ll let you see them.」

Miyagi said, but her expression made it clear she wasn’t thrilled about showing me her scores.

The tone of her voice made me doubt that she’d actually go through with it, but for now, I had to take her word for it. If I pushed her into “promising” me, she’d likely back out altogether.

“I won’t say anything, I just want to see them,” I reassured her one last time before turning back to my textbook. After solving a few problems, I glanced over at Miyagi. She was staring down, but not at her books or any notes.

The faint tapping of her fingers on the table cut through the silence. It wasn’t particularly loud, but it was enough to distract me. And judging by her restless tapping, she wasn’t really focusing either.

What’s going on with her?

Recently—or at least before the cultural festival—Miyagi had been taking her studies seriously. But today, she seemed completely unmotivated.

Midterms were right around the corner, and if she didn’t focus soon, it could be a problem.

I was just about to get her attention, her fingers still tapping on the desk, when someone else called out to me first.

The tapping noises stopped, and Miyagi grew quiet.

Even though she called my name, she didn’t follow up with anything.

I glanced at her, who had supposedly called my name out for no reason. After a moment, she quietly asked,

「… Sendai-san, when’s your birthday?」

「Wait, my birthday? Why are you asking me that all of a sudden?」

Her question felt completely out of the blue.

「No particular reason.」

「When’s yours, Miyagi?」

「It’s in September. It’s already passed. But enough about me; tell me your birthday, Sendai-san.”

I half-expected her to say, “I’m not telling you,” or “I’m the one asking,” but to my surprise, she answered without a hint of annoyance. If anything, she seemed too busy to complain, so I decided to give her a straightforward answer.

「Isn’t that just your name?」

「That’s not what I’m getting at. You know how there’s Satsuki, Minazuki, Fumizuki…[2]」

As I began to list the months from the Japanese calendar starting from May, it seemed Miyagi finally understood what “Hazuki” meant.

「Yep. My birthday’s in August, which is why my name is Hazuki. Pretty simple, right?」

“Hazuki” was the traditional name for August in the Japanese calendar.

And since I was born in August, I was named “Hazuki.” It might not have been the most creative way to choose a name, but I did like how like how “Hazuki” sounded.

「So, why did you want to know?」

I asked, still unsure why Miyagi suddenly inquired about my birthday.

She didn’t comment on the connection between my name and my birth month, nor did she ask for the exact day.

What could she possibly want with just my birth month?

Miyagi looked back down after she said ‘August,’ leaving me clueless about her intentions.

「If you’re not going to explain why you asked, then get back to studying.」

Miyagi had a habit of saying things that didn’t always make sense, but she usually had a reason behind them. She must have asked me about my birthday for a purpose, yet her silence left me unable to pry it out of her.

I shifted my focus to my textbook, but then Miyagi suddenly stood up and pulled a small box from her desk drawer.

She said flatly, placing the box on top of my textbook.

「What is it? What are you giving me?」

I asked, staring at the long, thin box.

「… Obviously, what I want to give you is in that box.」

「Okay, but why are you giving me a present out of the blue?」

「Why does it matter? It’s just something I want you to have, so take it.」

Honestly, I already had a good idea of what was inside, but I wanted to hear it from her.

「Is this supposed to be a birthday present?」

I doubted Miyagi would give me a straightforward answer, so I decided to answer my own question.

「If that’s what you want to think, then sure.」

She really wasn’t being honest.

The small box was beautifully wrapped, clearly showing it had been specially prepared. After asking about my birthday, presenting a gift like this made it obvious it was intended as a birthday present. I couldn’t understand why Miyagi wouldn’t admit it, and I had no idea why she had taken the time to prepare a gift for me in the first place.

It was strange to have a birthday present ready before knowing when my birthday was, and we didn’t have the sort of relationship where we’d exchange gifts either.

「What would you do if my birthday hadn’t already passed?」

「That doesn’t really matter. Even if this were a birthday gift, there’s no rule that says I have to give it to you on your birthday.」

「You went through all this trouble just to give me a birthday present. There must be a reason behind it, right?」

「Fine, if you don’t want it, then just give it back.」

Miyagi said sharply, and before I could respond, she tried to grab the box from my textbook. I quickly caught her hand.

「Wait, what are you going to do with it if I let you take it back?」

「I’ll just throw it away.」

「You always act so rashly. There’s no reason to throw it away, is there?」

「Well, I don’t plan on using it, and I don’t have anyone else to give it to.」

I still couldn’t figure out the mystery behind this birthday present, which clearly had to have a reason behind it. But I realized I didn’t have the luxury of time to puzzle it out. If I hesitated any longer, Miyagi would probably just toss it away.

「Okay, I’ll take it, so give it here.」

I reclaimed the small box from Miyagi’s grasp.

「There’s no point in giving it to you if you don’t open it.」

Miyagi snapped back, her tone sharp. Given her irritation, it was clear she wasn’t in the best mood.

As I opened the box, I noticed the expression on Miyagi’s face was as if someone had forced her to eat 99% dark chocolate. I couldn’t remember ever receiving a birthday present from anyone while they looked so bitter. I had a feeling Miyagi would be the first—and last—person to do that.

This feels awkward to open.

I sighed, feeling her gaze bore into me as I slowly peeled away the wrapping and opened the box. Inside was a silver necklace—well, a pendant[3], to be precise—but either way, it was an accessory.

The charm hanging from the chain had a moon motif, which felt a bit too cute for my taste. It seemed like it would probably suit Miyagi better. As I inspected the chain for any brand markings, I hoped it wasn’t anything too expensive, but thankfully, it didn’t seem like it was.

Miyagi had already given me five thousand yen today. Whether this accessory was a birthday gift or not, it felt wrong to accept another thing from her without giving something back.

「Let me give you something in return. Is there anything you want?」

I asked, placing the pendant back into the box.

「I don’t want anything.」

「So you wouldn’t mind anything I choose, then?」

「I don’t want a gift from you.」

Miyagi replied, her tone sharper than I expected.

「That stings a little, you know.」

It was common to offer something in return, like homemade sweets or sharing notes. When you get a birthday gift, it’s only courteous to reciprocate. But Miyagi, who adamantly rejected my offer, didn’t seem to get that.

Or maybe it was just me she didn’t want a gift from. She’d probably accept a return gift from someone else—like Utsunomiya, for instance.

It was probably for the best not to dwell on it, so I shut the box’s lid.

「I’m the only one allowed to give gifts here. Now put it on. That’s an order.」

Miyagi said, reopening the box I had just closed.

「Sure, but usually, the one who gives the gift puts it on for the recipient.」

「You can put it on yourself.」

「Normally, you’d say, “Let me put it on for you,” right?」

「I’m not saying that.」

I figured she’d say something like that, but the way Miyagi put it was incredibly blunt.

I didn’t find this part of her cute at all.

While I didn’t mind wearing it, her tone wasn’t exactly endearing. I figured there was no point in mentioning that now; any comment would likely lead to another order from her, which wouldn’t end well.

I pulled the pendant from the box, unclasped it, and slowly put it on.

I said, tracing the pendant with my fingers as I stared at Miyagi.

I didn’t mind wearing accessories, but something about having one on while in my school uniform made my chest feel slightly uneasy.

「Yeah, I can see that.」

「That’s not what I mean. Don’t you have anything to say?」

「I was asking for your opinion on how it looks.」

Before I had given her permission to touch it, Miyagi was already reaching out, like it was the most natural thing to do. I wasn’t expecting her to say something flattering, but I also didn’t expect her to try and touch it. I reflexively tried to pull back, but her hand reached me first.

Her fingertips traced the chain’s outline.

As they moved, they lightly brushed against my skin, tickling me a little.

「Isn’t the chain a bit too long? I would’ve preferred it a little shorter.」

I caught her unsteady fingers and complained about something that didn’t really matter to me.

「If it were any shorter, it’d show at school.」

She tugged the chain slightly, as if to check its length, then let go.

「You want me to wear this at school?」

「Keep it on until we graduate.」

「You’re telling me not to take it off, all the way until graduation?」

「Yeah, wear it everywhere, whether you’re at home or at school.」

Miyagi’s tone wasn’t forceful, nor was it particularly soft.

The pendant was just a normal pendant—nothing more. It looked like an ordinary accessory, so it wouldn’t be unusual if I decided to wear it everywhere.

But her words made me realize something.

This wasn’t just any accessory.

Miyagi wasn’t the type to give me something without a reason behind it.

I didn’t want to say it out loud because it felt like she’d agree immediately, but this pendant felt like a collar, her way of showing ownership. Otherwise, there was no reason for her to force me to wear it until we graduated.

「Giving me orders that apply at school is against the rules, you know.」

The pendant might have been just an accessory, but the fact it was a gift from Miyagi made it feel like a soft but firm grip around my neck, like I was being stifled.

She’d done similar things before—like leaving hickeys or bite marks on me—but those would always fade. This pendant, however, wouldn’t. Despite weighing almost nothing, the pendant felt unbearably heavy. I wanted to at least take it off while at school.

「Let’s just make it a rule that says it’s okay to wear it, then. Remember what you said, Sendai-san? Learn to compromise every now and then.」

Miyagi echoed the words I had used in the music preparation room, something I never thought would be turned back against me.

「Compromising, huh… Fine, I’ll do it if you say, “Please put it on.”」

I knew she’d never agree to that condition.

「Never mind, then. I don’t care if you decide to wear it or not.」

「Don’t you think you can afford to be a little honest at times like this?」

Just as I expected, Miyagi quickly retracted the order she’d given.

Now, I had the freedom to choose when to wear the pendant.

I glanced at Miyagi, who had now fallen silent and was sulking. She tapped her fingertip on the table, then did it again before reaching for the small box that held the pendant.

Miyagi was likely regretting giving me the present.

I knew there was no need for me to compromise—she wasn’t even willing to ask me nicely, as if it were a favor, which was why I didn’t allow her order to stand.

I knew all of this, but for some reason, my mouth decided to move on its own.

「… Fine, if all you want is for me to keep it on, then I’ll leave it on until graduation. But I’m not going to care if a teacher sees it and confiscates it.」

I said as I took the small box back from Miyagi’s hands.

I knew this all too well, as it had happened many times in the past, but I really was soft on Miyagi. Even though her orders went against our rules, I still chose to wear the pendant.

「I don’t think anyone will notice as long as you keep your second button fastened.」

Miyagi said quietly, her eyes focused on my blouse.

「I feel like they will.」

「Try buttoning one up, then.」

I had two buttons undone, but I did as she said and fastened one. Now with only one button undone, like I usually wore it at school, I asked,

「I guess this works, then.」

「… Sendai-san, don’t let anyone else see it from now on.」

「Huh? That’s going to be hard, you know. I mean, I’m going to have to change clothes for gym class and all.」

「Make sure no one else sees it except me.」

Miyagi’s order sounded unreasonable.

Hiding it might be doable most of the time, but with classes like gym where we had to change clothes around other people, keeping the pendant completely out of sight was nearly impossible. Plus, the words “except me” stood out. The fact she was making herself an exception led me to a certain realization.

「Wait, does that mean I have to let you see it, Miyagi?」

「You always leave your second button undone here, so I’m going to see it anyway. Also, if I order you to, then you’ll have to show it to me.」

「If you can already see it normally, then why go out of your way to order me to show it?」

「I want to be able to see it more closely.」

「… Uh, isn’t that order kind of erotic?」

Since she wasn’t planning on giving me any orders to take off my uniform or anything, showing Miyagi the pendant technically stayed within the boundaries of our rules.

Still, there was a big difference between, “I can see it when your buttons are undone,” and, “I’m ordering you to show it to me,” even though the outcome was the same. Having to show her just because she was ordering me to felt pretty immodest.

「There’s nothing erotic about it. Let me see it right now.」

The same mouth that had just told me to button up was now telling me to undo it.

「This really does feel erotic, though.」

「It’s not nearly as erotic as you usually are, Sendai-san. And besides, you always leave your second button undone anyway, so stop complaining and just unbutton it already.」

「You really want me to undo it again?」

「I can’t see it unless you do, right?」

She was right—I always left that button undone. But now, being told to unbutton it just for her to see the pendant felt strangely awkward.

But acting like it was a big deal would only make it one, so I decided to do as I was told and undid the button.

「Is this good enough?」

Miyagi’s gaze seemed to burn into my chest.

I knew she was only looking at the pendant, but I could feel a strange tingling sensation around my collarbone.

「You don’t have to stare so intensely, you know.」

「I’m just looking at the gift I gave you. I can stare as much as I want.」

「Did you go to all the trouble of getting me this just so you could do this?」

Honestly, I wouldn’t be surprised if the pendant wasn’t only meant to be a collar—maybe she wanted an excuse to have me unbutton my blouse and look at my chest.

「You don’t need to know why I got this gift for you.」

Miyagi said softly, then added,

「Also, undo one more button.」

「You can see it just fine as it is, right?」

「Haven’t you been staring at it for a while now?」

「I want a closer look. I’m giving you an order, so you have to obey.」

Normally, there’d be no reason to undo the third button.

But Miyagi didn’t seem like she was about to give up easily today.

That was how things worked normally, but exceptions could always be made, and today I chose to make one for her. It didn’t seem like she was doing this just to see the pendant anymore, but getting into an argument wasn’t worth it either.

I replied half-heartedly as I took off my necktie and undid the third button. Miyagi reached out, her fingers brushing the fabric lightly. She didn’t pull the blouse open too far, only enough to get a better view of the pendant.

She had seen my undergarments and skin countless times already, so there was no need to feel embarrassed. Yet, I couldn’t help but feel unsettled, like my heart was floating somewhere above the clouds.

Miyagi’s fingers traced the chain again, as if trying to count the links, which felt a little ticklish.

Then, the hand that had been tracing the chain suddenly pressed down on my body. What was once a gentle brush against my skin while touching the pendant became a forceful push, making me lose my balance. I fell to the floor, with Miyagi’s body hovering above me.

「Hey, Miyagi, that hurt.」

I didn’t fall too hard, but my back and shoulders felt sore from the impact. Without a word, Miyagi leaned closer to my chest and kissed the charm. Since the charm was small, her lips touched my chest as well, but the way she kissed it made it clear she intended to focus only on the little object.

She hadn’t put much force into her lips.

Yet, it felt heavy—almost suffocating.

The part where I was being touched felt incredibly warm.

Miyagi appeared entirely unfazed, as if she wasn’t even aware of what she was doing to me.

I took a deep breath.

It was getting hard to breathe, so I gently tugged at Miyagi’s hair, and she lifted her head.

She stroked the chain with her fingers once more.

As I watched her, I understood that my earlier guess was right. Miyagi had stayed silent before the kiss and continued to be quiet now, but I couldn’t shake the feeling that everything she did was her way of asserting her ownership of me. What she had just done seemed to confirm that more than anything else up to this point.

This pendant was likely—no, it was definitely—a symbol that Sendai Hazuki belonged to Miyagi until graduation.

Honestly, I was at a complete loss for words.

I didn’t want to admit it to her, but I was accepting this gift. It felt suffocating and burdensome, yet for some reason, it didn’t really bother me.

「Isn’t this enough already, Miyagi?」

Finding myself at a loss for words, I decided to say something trivial as I tapped her on the back. But Miyagi didn’t move away. Instead, she leaned in to kiss the pendant again, her fingertips gliding over the small charm and inevitably brushing against my skin.

Her fingers slipped from the charm, moving lower.

It felt ticklish, but it was also starting to stir up deeper emotions.

Miyagi attempted to unfasten the fourth button herself.

The sensations had gone beyond mere ticklishness, prompting me to grip her hand to stop her.

「Wait, stop, Miyagi. It’ll be dangerous if we go any further than this.」

「Are you telling me to stop because I’m doing something against the rules?」

「Well, that too, but I feel like I might lose my mind.」

I couldn’t keep treating this like it was no big deal; if we didn’t stop now, it could turn into a real problem.

I didn’t trust my own judgment, and if I didn’t express that to Miyagi, we’d both be in trouble.

「What’s happening with you, Sendai-san? Don’t let your mind slip away so easily. Tie it down so it stays in place if you have to.」

「That’s easier said than done.」

「… Why do you sound so unsure of yourself?」

Miyagi asked with a hint of exasperation.

Even though she asked me, I couldn’t make sense of it myself. I had no idea why Miyagi trusted my judgment so much, so I just gave her a half-hearted response.

「I don’t know either, so you should be careful, Miyagi.」

I said, shifting the responsibility back onto her shoulders.

Miyagi went quiet, her expression turning contemplative as her brows furrowed.

After about ten seconds of thought, she mumbled,

「What if I told you I’d let you kiss me if you let me undo one more button?」

After all her deliberation, she had come up with a proposal I never would have expected, leaving me momentarily speechless.

I mulled over her words in my mind, then decided to double-check with her.

「— So, you’re saying you’d let me kiss you?」

I never could’ve imagined she would offer something like that.

I had unfastened the fourth button on my blouse in front of her before, so this wasn’t something I needed to think twice about.

「Alright, deal. I’ll let you unbutton it.」

「You do it yourself, Sendai-san.」

I did as I was told and unfastened the fourth button on my blouse. Miyagi’s fingers brushed against my stomach, causing my body to tense slightly.

Then, she pressed her palm against me. The warmth was gentle yet unsettling, causing me to catch my breath. The heat felt like it was seeping deep inside me, so I grabbed Miyagi by the wrist. But she showed no intention of going further. Her hand glided softly along my side before finally pulling away.

「Okay, you can kiss me now.」

I raised myself slightly and gently caressed her neck, sliding my hand down the back of her neck as I pulled her closer. It hadn’t been that long since our last kiss, but my eagerness made me press my lips against hers with a bit more force than usual.

I bit down on her lips lightly, as if to savor the touch I’d been longing for. Normally, Miyagi would’ve pushed me away by now, like she was trying to get rid of me as fast as possible, but today she was unusually accepting.

It felt like she’d let me get away with undoing a button on her blouse, so I pulled away from the kiss and loosened Miyagi’s necktie.

Miyagi didn’t seem to mind. It looked like she was willing to overlook the button I’d undone, so I brought my lips closer to her neck. However, before I could kiss it, she pushed me away by the shoulders with considerable force, sending me straight back down to the floor.

Miyagi said firmly before standing up.

「Isn’t that a bit too quick?」

「Well, in that case, are you willing to offer something more? It’s supposed to be a trade, so if I let you kiss me again, then I get to ask for something in return as well.」

「You never said it’d be just one kiss.」

「It doesn’t matter if I said it or not. The trade was good for one kiss only.」

「That seems kind of unfair, don’t you think?」

「I only touched you a little bit. I think that was worth the equivalent of one kiss.」

Miyagi said in a tone that didn’t hide her dissatisfaction as I started to button my blouse back up.

「Okay, fine. We’ll stop here.」

I had a feeling that if I kept talking, I’d only provoke her into giving me worse orders. It wasn’t like I wanted to push things further; I just wanted to touch her a little more since she seemed okay with it.

I got up slowly. As I reached to close my blouse, Miyagi stepped in and began buttoning it for me, starting at the bottom, working her way up until every last button was done.

「This feels a little tight.」

She muttered, clearly irritated, as she walked back to the table. Feeling like I couldn’t breathe properly, I loosened my tie and undid one button.