That was the first time I ever talked to Miyagi at school.

Sure, there was that one time I pulled her aside, but I considered that just an extension of our usual time together. But this was different—it was the first time we’d spoken in front of our friends.

It shouldn’t have been a big deal, but for some reason, I couldn’t stop thinking about it, and it was driving me nuts. I felt like turning around, even though there was no real reason to.

「Hazuki, you’re acting a little spaced out. You sure you’re okay?」

Umina’s unexpectedly loud voice caught my attention, and I turned to look at her next to me.

「Sorry, I was just thinking about something.」

「You’re gonna bump into someone again like this.」

Umina let out a playful laugh as she joked. “Yeah, you’re right,” I replied, and we kept walking down the hallway.

No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t hear Miyagi’s voice anymore. All that reached me were Umina and Mariko’s voices.

「What’s that girl’s name again? Miyagi, right? Are you guys close?」

Umina asked, as if the thought had just occurred to her.

「Yeah, that was Miyagi, but I wouldn’t say we’re close or anything.」

「Really? But you guys hung out during summer break.」

「Are you sure you didn’t mistake me for someone else?」

Since I was so used to lying, the words slipped out naturally.

「Come on, I could never mistake you for someone else, Hazuki.」

Umina must’ve been sure of what she saw, as she kept pushing the issue.

「I remembered because you guys were hanging out in such an unusual area.」

Umina then mentioned the name of a train station—the same one Miyagi and I visited during summer break. We had watched a movie there together, so she wasn’t mistaken about having seen us.

「Now that you mention it…」

As we approached the classroom, I scrambled to think of a way to cover up the lie I’d just told.

「I have family in that area, so I was there visiting them, and I just happened to run into Miyagi.」

「Oh, you have family there too? I actually have a cousin who lives near that station.」

Mariko said as we entered the classroom, not bothering to stop at her own desk. Umina, looking disappointed, murmured, “So even you forget things sometimes, huh, Hazuki?”

「I’m only human, after all.」

「Well, I don’t really care if you guys are close or not, but I was just curious if she was the reason we didn’t hang out much over the break.」

Umina asked as she took a seat and gave me a bitter look. I didn’t go to my own desk; instead, I stayed and continued chatting with her.

「Didn’t you say you were busy with prep school, Umina? Why were you even in that area?」

「I was on a date with my boyfriend.」

「All the way out there?」

「We wanted to go somewhere different for a change. Plus, we didn’t want to run into other people from our school, so we picked somewhere out of the way.」

Miyagi’s plan had backfired.

She had deliberately chosen a place where we were unlikely to run into anyone we knew.

But what were the odds that Umina, of all people, had been thinking the same thing?

「Sounds like you two get along well. I’m kind of jealous.」

Umina didn’t seem interested in getting me to talk about Miyagi again, but I didn’t want to bring up how this conversation began.

So, I decided to move the conversation along with a smile. It looked like my attempt had lifted Umina’s mood a bit. With the topic of Miyagi out of her mind, she started sharing details about where she and her boyfriend had gone that day and what they had eaten.

I wasn’t the type to get jealous of other people’s happiness, but since I wasn’t particularly interested in Umina’s stories, her voice soon faded into background noise.

I dropped my gaze to my hands.

Unsurprisingly, there were no traces of Miyagi left on me.

「Did you get hurt when you guys ran into each other earlier?」

Mariko asked, likely because she saw that I was fixated on my hands.

I said as I waved my hands around.

「Looks good to me. I guess this means you’ll still be able to hold hands with your boyfriend.」

「I told you, I’m not seeing anyone.」

「I know. Hurry up and find someone already.」

「Even if I do find someone, it doesn’t guarantee we’ll hold hands.」

Mariko wore a puzzled look on her face.

「Do you guys really like to hold hands that often?」

I asked the two of them without directing the question to either one specifically.

There wasn’t any deeper meaning behind my question, and I doubted their answers would be of any real use to me.

Miyagi immediately came to mind, but she wasn’t my lover, and I had no desire to walk around hand-in-hand with her. Yet, I found myself conscious of her whenever we were together, as I had been earlier.

「Holding hands with your lover is pretty normal, isn’t it?」

Umina said, and Mariko followed up with, “Yeah, especially when you’re on a date.”

「Oh, I get it. Hazuki, you just want a relationship so pure that even the idea of holding hands is too much.」

Mariko said playfully, extending her hand towards me, and I took it in mine.

Mariko’s hand felt similar to Miyagi’s—warm and soft. I imagined Umina’s hands were probably the same.

But there was something about Miyagi’s hands that just felt different.

I didn’t want to hold hands with her, but sometimes I had a strong urge to touch her. For example, when we bumped into each other in the hallway earlier, I instinctively grabbed her hand. These feelings were far from the purity Mariko talked about.

「Wait, did you find someone you like?」

Umina asked, her face lit up with curiosity.

Oh, this is such a pain…

Even if I were to say no, they would likely reply with something like, “But there must be someone you’re interested in, right?”

「Come on, who is it?」

I could hear the delight in Mariko’s voice, but just as I was about to give a half-hearted response, the bell rang.

「Look, class is about to start.」

Fortunately, I was saved by the bell. I went to my desk, sat down, and the teacher walked in right after.

As class started, the teacher’s voice was the only sound filling the room. I copied the notes from the blackboard into my notebook, but my right hand couldn’t help but write ‘Miyagi’ in the margin before I quickly erased it.

‘I want to be able to talk to her at school too…’

The sound of my voice echoed in my head, overshadowing the teacher’s.

‘… This is ridiculous.’

There was nothing to talk about with Miyagi at school. Even when it was just the two of us, we hardly ever had anything to talk about.

I tried to clear my mind of these distracting thoughts and turned to a page in my textbook. As I focused on filling in my notebook, class eventually ended. When I stood up to join Umina and the others for lunch, I heard a notification on my phone and pulled it out of my bag to check.

I settled back into my seat and glanced at the screen. As always, Miyagi’s message had once again filled up my after-school schedule. Being summoned two days in a row was unusual, but today it didn’t surprise me.

I had grabbed her wrist in the hallway earlier.

She was probably going to press me on that.

The problem was, even I couldn’t explain why I felt compelled to grab her wrist in front of everyone. I could say I just wanted to touch her, but I doubted Miyagi would accept that answer and would probably question why I wanted to touch her.

‘I just didn’t want to hand you back to your friends.’

There was no way I could admit that there were deeper feelings at work. If I had to measure them, they’d be roughly the size of konpeito[1]. Nonetheless, it was inappropriate to harbor these feelings, especially for Miyagi.

After responding to Miyagi’s message to let her know I’d be coming over, I stood up again.

The mere thought of her questioning me about what happened in the hallway earlier was giving me a headache.

This is such a hassle…

Even so, seeing Miyagi didn’t feel like a hassle in itself.

As soon as I entered Miyagi’s room, I undid a button on my blouse.

The atmosphere between us still felt awkward, but I was slowly adjusting to it.

After Miyagi handed me a five-thousand-yen bill, I sat in my usual spot. Miyagi brought over glasses of barley tea and soda, placing them on the table. After a moment’s hesitation, she took a seat next to me, a bit farther away than usual. I felt a little relieved, seeing as how she’d been sitting across from me since summer vacation ended.

Things weren’t entirely back to normal, but they were improving.

Sometimes, things didn’t always work out the way I wanted them to, and that was okay.

As long as we acted the same way we had before summer break, my feelings should eventually return to how they used to be too.

Miyagi laid out her textbooks and assignments on the table in silence. I couldn’t tell how motivated she was today, but she dove straight into her homework. I followed her lead and started on mine as well.

Yesterday, I had carelessly suggested to Miyagi that she should consider applying to the same university as me. She thought it was impossible for her to be accepted, and though I disagreed, I knew it would be difficult for her.

We’d been studying together ever since the start of summer break. Although the number of times Miyagi had to ask, “I don’t get this part. Explain it to me,” had decreased, I still wasn’t confident she would pass. That said, if she committed to working hard from now on, there might be a chance for her to get accepted. She would need to be very determined. If Miyagi asked for my help to get accepted into the same university as me, I’d gladly offer it, but I couldn’t force it on her.

But even if we both ended up at the same school, it wouldn’t necessarily mean we’d have anything to do with each other. Our relationship had a set end date, something I had agreed to from the start.

Still, for some reason, I thought it would be fun if Miyagi and I went to the same university.

I raised my head to look at Miyagi, who had called my name out.

「Was there something you didn’t understand?」

「No, but what was up with you earlier today?」

This was why Miyagi had called me two days in a row.

I knew the reason, but I pretended to be clueless.

「What are you referring to?」

「You grabbed my wrist when we were in the hallway, didn’t you?」

「I was just trying to help you pick up what you dropped.」

「Sure, but you didn’t need to grab my wrist for that, right?」

「What do you mean? My hand just bumped into yours by accident.」

「That was definitely not “just a bump.”」

I didn’t want her to dig deeper and force me to say things I preferred to keep buried. Even if I told Miyagi the truth, it wasn’t going to sit well with her.

‘I just didn’t want to hand you back to your friends.’

It was best for both of us if I kept these feelings to myself.

「… What do you want me to say then? I’ll tell you anything you want to hear.」

I said, hoping to resolve the situation with some kind of middle ground.

If there was something she wanted me to say, I’d say it if it meant ending the conversation right away. Dragging this out wouldn’t make either of us happy, so it was best to wrap it up quickly, even if my response was half-hearted.

But I knew Miyagi wouldn’t be satisfied with that sort of answer.

「That’s not what I want from you.」

「Okay, then what do you want?」

「Tell me the reason why you grabbed my wrist.」

「I just wanted to touch you, that’s all.」

I decided to tell her half the reason why I had grabbed her wrist earlier.

「What? Answer me seriously.」

「Fine, then tell me why you wanted to touch me.」

You’d be better off not asking me that.

That way, we can carry on in peace.

「Miyagi, why are you asking me this when you already know I’m not going to give you an answer?」

I asked, trying to put an end to her relentless questioning, but she stayed silent. I was left with no choice but to continue with,

「I don’t need a reason to want to touch you, do I? Sometimes, I just feel like doing it.」

I said as I reached out to Miyagi.

Even though we were sitting a bit farther apart than usual, she was still close enough for me to touch. I brushed her cheek with my palm. Miyagi’s face twisted in discomfort, but I didn’t pull back.

The warmth from our skin touching was pleasant, so I slid my hand from her cheek to her neck. I wasn’t planning to go further than this, but I knew my feelings for Miyagi were far from pure.

「It’s not like I ever touch you just because “I feel like it.”」

「Miyagi, if you put it that way, doesn’t it imply that there’s always a reason when you touch me?」

Miyagi appeared to be at a loss for words, but instead of saying anything, she quietly moved my hand away from her.

「I don’t get you, Sendai-san. Everything you do, whether it’s at school or in here, just doesn’t make sense.」

Miyagi mumbled quietly as she lowered her gaze.

「I don’t understand it myself. ―― Just hurry up and give me an order for today.」

I wasn’t confident I could keep going like this without something happening. Whenever I was around Miyagi, it would feel as if the screws that held my rationality together were coming loose.

Although we were beginning to adjust to the new shape our relationship was taking, we still hadn’t returned to its original form. Even the slightest provocation could easily shatter it.

I’d rather be ordered around than risk something worse happening. Miyagi would probably just give a trivial order anyway, which was better than whatever was happening right now.

「Okay, then let me pierce your ears.」

Miyagi spoke without flinching or looking up, catching me so off guard that I ended up repeating what she said.

「Yeah. I’ll pierce your ears for you, Sendai-san.」

Miyagi lifted her head and tugged on my earlobe.

Was this her way of getting payback because I had touched her ears yesterday?

「No. Absolutely not.」

I stood my ground against Miyagi.

I didn’t want anything that would leave a mark on my body. Especially not a piercing.

I knew Miyagi was eager to leave any kind of mark she could on me, and she had done so many times before. I had put up with it until now, but only because the marks faded quickly.

But piercings were different.

I was not able to tolerate this as I had in the past.

「Because having piercings is against school rules.」

Miyagi’s hand showed no sign of restraint as it continued to softly touch my ear, so I grabbed her arm. When I pulled her hand away, her fingers released my earlobe with little resistance, but she didn’t sound willing to give up.

「But you wear your skirt shorter than what’s allowed and dyed your hair. Aren’t you already breaking the rules?」

「I think I’m still somewhat adhering to them.」

「You’re always like this, Sendai-san.」

「You adjust the rules to fit your own standards and act like that’s just how it should be.」

「Isn’t it okay to stretch the rules a little? The teachers don’t seem to care much about my skirt or my hair, so I’m not really violating any rules.」

The school rules weren’t as strict as they seemed.

The official guidelines were one thing, but the teachers who enforced them were more relaxed. As long as you mostly complied with the rules, you wouldn’t get into trouble.

All I did was establish a new boundary for the rules and ensured I stayed within it.

「If that’s what you think, then why don’t you give it a try too? I bet you’d look cuter if you wore your skirt a little shorter.」

I grabbed Miyagi’s skirt, which was hanging at a medium length, and tugged it gently. Before I could adjust it to a shorter length that wouldn’t get her in trouble, she slapped the back of my hand.

「There’s nothing wrong with this length. That aside, it doesn’t have to be today, but let me pierce your ears sometime.」

「No, give me a different order. I’m considering this one against the rules.」

But Miyagi didn’t look like she was ready to give up.

I wasn’t going to agree to this, no matter what.

Even though Miyagi didn’t come right out and say it, her words made it clear she wasn’t backing down from trying to get me to pierce my ears. Still, no matter how much she insisted, my response stayed the same. While I obeyed most of her other orders, there were some things I simply couldn’t accept.

「I’m never going to let you pierce my ears.」

I said, making sure to emphasize every word.

「Why do you consider me piercing your ears as breaking the rules?」

「Anything that leaves a lasting mark is against the rules, and I see this as an act of violence. Wait, what kind of earrings were you trying to get me to wear anyway? Show me.」

I had no intention of obeying Miyagi’s order, but I was curious about the sort of earrings she had in mind. But instead of showing me anything, she spoke in a quieter tone than before.

「I don’t have any earrings for you right now, but I’ll go and buy some if you let me pierce your ears.」

「No, you don’t have to do that. But why are you so eager to pierce my ears then?」

「… I just wanted to run an experiment. I wanted to see if the teachers would notice and get angry. I think you could use a bit of scolding every now and then.」

Miyagi gave an excuse that may or may not be true, but it wasn’t a very interesting reason. Either way, it was something I needed to complain about.

「You shouldn’t use people for your experiments. Find a better reason.」

「If I come up with one, does that mean you’ll let me do it?」

I wasn’t sure what Miyagi’s true intentions were, but letting her pierce my ears was a bit too extreme for an order.

If we were to end up at different universities, never to see each other again, I didn’t want to have a lasting mark on my body. I didn’t want the time we spent together to be permanently engraved on me.

「Fine, then don’t move for a second.」

Miyagi said, but her words left me feeling uneasy.

「What are you planning to do?」

I asked, but there was no reply.

She reached her arm out towards me.

But instead of touching my ear, she placed her hand on my shoulder.

Hold on, was her goal this whole time to leave a mark on me?

Even though Miyagi was right in front of me, I still couldn’t figure out what was going on in her head. We’d managed to make more conversations compared to the first time I came over, but her thoughts were just as elusive as ever.

With Miyagi not even having the earrings she wanted me to wear on hand, I couldn’t tell if she was being impulsive or if she’d been planning to give this order for a while, but only managed to bring it up now.

It was hard for both of us to express our thoughts and feelings through words alone. But closing the physical distance between us always seemed effortless.

With her lips inches from my ear, Miyagi’s black hair shifted slightly, releasing a gentle scent of shampoo that filled the air between us.

The feel of her lips, having touched me so many times before, seemed almost natural to my body. It was starting to seem normal to have Miyagi this close, but a part of me still knew better than to fully accept it.

I pushed Miyagi away by her shoulder.

As the warmth of her touch dissipated, her voice whispered softly near my ear.

「Since you won’t let me pierce your ears, I’ll just settle for this instead.」

Her voice was so close that my hand on her trembled. Her breath gently tickled my ear.

「All you need to do is keep quiet and stay still. I won’t leave any wounds on you, so this order should be easy to follow.」

She said, her voice as clear and crisp as ever, and then a moist sensation grazed my ear. I could tell immediately that it was her tongue pressing firmly against my skin. The warmth of her tongue against my ear left me feeling restless, causing me to shiver. Even though she’d done this to me before, I was torn between listening to my sense of reason and convincing myself that this order wasn’t worth defying.

Ultimately choosing to remain silent, I soon felt something hard pressing against my earlobe.

It was probably her teeth, and whenever something like this happened, it never ended well.

I tried to push Miyagi away, remembering how things had gone before, but she wouldn’t budge. Instead, she bit down hard on my earlobe.

I exclaimed, hitting her shoulder in protest, but she only bit down harder. It felt as if she was putting all her strength into it.

I’d never experienced ear pain quite like this before; it was so intense, it felt like it would be seared into my memory forever.

Yet, it wasn’t just the pain I’d remember, but also the overwhelming heat.

Her breath and the fragrance of her shampoo blurred together, becoming almost indistinguishable.

「I told you, that really hurts!」

I smacked Miyagi’s body, causing her to flinch.

The gap between us, which had been closed so easily, was just as easy to widen.

「Miyagi, you bite way too hard. That hurt more than getting a piercing—it felt like you were trying to rip my whole ear off.」

「I don’t think I bit you that hard.」

I’d never had my ears pierced before, but I couldn’t imagine it hurting more than what I had just experienced. That’s how hard Miyagi was biting my ear. I had no idea where this urge of hers even came from.

「I see you were lying about not leaving any wounds on me. You’re such an idiot, Miyagi.」

It felt like she had caused a wound, so I touched my earlobe and examined my fingertips.

But to my surprise, there was no blood.

I could hardly believe it.

Still, it felt like I was bleeding, so I tried to grab a tissue from under the table, only to find that the box with the crocodile cover had suddenly vanished.

「Hey, don’t take that away from me.」

I complained to Miyagi, who was holding the crocodile in her hands.

「I didn’t leave any wounds on you.」

Miyagi said, as if to justify herself, and placed the tissue box on the table.

If I had to guess, she was probably unhappy with the way I disobeyed her order.

Yet, at the same time, it felt like Miyagi had changed.

In the past, it seemed like Miyagi only took pleasure in making me do things I didn’t want to do, but it felt different now. She didn’t seem to be enjoying herself at all; instead, she looked like she was riddled with anxiety.

It felt incredibly selfish of her to start acting all meek after doing something so terrible to me.

She was reaping what she had sown, so there was no need for me to give in.

「Just because you’re making that face doesn’t mean I’ll forgive you.」

I said as I grabbed a tissue from the crocodile on the table and wiped my ear.

The thin paper stayed clean, showing no signs of blood.

「I don’t think I look any different from usual.」

Miyagi said – clearly wearing a different expression than usual – as she tried to take the crocodile away from me, prompting me to slap her hand away.

「Why don’t you take a look in the mirror, then?」

Miyagi’s face clouded even further. She looked as sad as an abandoned puppy or kitten, and I felt a pang of guilt as if I had done something wrong.

「―― Fine, just don’t make it hurt so much this time.」

My words came out as if I was excusing Miyagi’s actions.

We shouldn’t be acting like this with each other, but maybe a little indulgence wouldn’t hurt.

To be clear, this wasn’t what I wanted—it was Miyagi’s fault for making me feel this way; she just looked so helpless.

「I mean, it’s supposed to be an order, right?」

I pulled on Miyagi’s blouse, as if signaling my intention to obey her orders.

Right. I’m just following her orders. There’s nothing I can do about it.

As long as it adhered to our rules, I had no right to refuse, so I had no choice but to comply.

「Okay, then be quiet and stay still.」

Repeating the same words she had said earlier, her body heat drew closer once more.

A lukewarm sensation hesitantly brushed against my ear, as if trying to soothe the pain from her bite. Her tongue traced the spots where her teeth had been. No matter how many times her tongue pulled away and returned, I didn’t feel particularly disgusted.

Her teeth grazed my ear once more.

I felt the pain start to resurface, and I instinctively clutched Miyagi’s arm.

This time, though, her bite was much gentler. She pinched my ear repeatedly, each bite slightly firmer than the last, as if to test my tolerance. Despite this, it was clear she wasn’t trying to hurt me—her touch remained soft and careful.

The sensation wasn’t strong, but it consumed my thoughts, making me restless as I felt the nerves in my ear intensify.

I could hear Miyagi’s breathing so closely that it was making my chest flutter.

Despite that, I couldn’t help but feel at ease knowing Miyagi was close by.

But this was becoming overwhelming for me.

This kind of stimulation wasn’t appropriate for the sort of relationship we had.

Miyagi was taking this too far.

I hadn’t said she could do whatever she wanted as long as it wasn’t painful, so I pushed her forehead away from my body.

「Hold on, Miyagi. That didn’t hurt, but this is just getting too risky.」

It looked like Miyagi was about to say something, but then suddenly stopped. Instead, she gave me a rare, honest apology and said, “I’m sorry.”

After taking a few shallow breaths, I positioned the crocodile between us. I pulled a tissue from its back and wiped my ear, as if to erase any traces of Miyagi.

「How did that make you feel just now, Sendai-san?」

Miyagi asked while caressing the crocodile’s head.

Despite having shown she could hold back her words earlier, she still decided to ask such a thoughtless question, which made me want to sigh.

「How about you experience it for yourself?」

I extended my hand towards Miyagi – who was acting like she wasn’t responsible for any of this – to touch her ear, but she pulled her body away sharply before I could even reach her.

「Come on, it was just a joke.」

I said nonchalantly while attempting to brush it off with a laugh.

If we were to go any further than this, it would only make things even more awkward between us.

It was best to take back my unnecessary suggestion and pass it off as a joke.

However, Miyagi responded in a very serious tone.

「―― I’ll allow it, but only if you let me pierce your ears for you.」

I couldn’t help but stare at her, surprised that she was letting me do to her what she had done to me – as long as I agreed to let her pierce my ears in return.

Her offer was incredibly tempting, and for a moment, I hesitated. But then a wave of disgust washed over me for even entertaining the idea.

「Don’t be ridiculous. Anyway, did you know that Umina saw us together?」

I chose to steer away from the risky situation by changing the topic. Miyagi’s attention immediately shifted the moment I mentioned Umina’s name.

「When did she see us?」

「The day we went to the movies. Turns out, Umina was in the area too, so I told her it was just a coincidence we ran into each other.」

「Probably. Not that it matters to me either way.」

「You’re right. It doesn’t matter since we won’t be hanging out again anyway.」

Miyagi said with a cold tone in her voice as she tapped the crocodile’s head.

I leaned my back against the bed, noticing her sulky expression.

「Admit it—you really want us to go somewhere together again, don’t you?」

I said, a bit too confidently, to which I was immediately shot down with,

「I’m never going anywhere with you again.」

At times like these, Miyagi would always pull back as quickly as the receding tide. Her retreats were always so abrupt and decisive that it scared me. I couldn’t tell if she acted like this with everyone or just with me, so it felt like there was no room for me to say anything.

It seemed cruel that she would try to get closer to me whenever she felt like it, only to push me away as soon as she was satisfied, without any regard for my feelings.

「Yeah, there’s nowhere for us to go together anyway.」

Those weren’t the words I wanted to say, but nothing better came to mind. I sighed as I picked up the crocodile and tossed it at Miyagi.